 CPM general secretary
Prakash Karat on Monday said whoever comes to power would have to scrap the
Indo-US defence framework agreement and "renegotiate" the 123 Agreement, setting
the term for the Third Front government.

 CPM Manifesto: Read full
text

 Karat laid down the conditionality while releasing the
party's manifesto, signalling party's unrelenting opposition to the nuclear deal
and strategic partnership with the US as well as the determination to get
reversed the steps taken under the UPA government.

 The occasion also
saw Left yoking its credibility once again to the Third Front, with Karat
calling the non-Congress and non-BJP political formation an "objective
necessity" which is bound to stay and come to power.

 The party's
manifesto gives a detailed account of how Left support to UPA helped in policy
formulation in key areas of economy and society and why it withdrew
support.

 Karat, for the first time, directly attacked foreign
minister Pranab Mukherjee for his swipe at the Third Front. "Mr Mukherjee says
he does not understand what Third Front is. By the end of the election, he will
realize what the Third Front is."

 "We are confident that the momentum
gained will have its logical end," Karat said, adding that there was no way Left
would support a government led by Congress.

 Karat said the
Congress-led UPA has been a failure on all counts. He even dared the government
to write to the Swiss government to give a list of people with secret accounts
just like US, UK and EU have done. "It is not a violation of the model code. But
will our government ask because many in the ruling establishment have Swiss
accounts," he questioned.

 CPM released the letters of support from
Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik of BJD and former Jharkhand CM Babulal
Marandi to the Third Front. Karat said many more secular parties would join the
front after the election and maybe even before that. Expressing confidence that
parties like TDP and BJD will not go back to the saffron camp, Karat said, "They
have an essentially secular character. Naidu now realizes and regrets it
(joining NDA)."

 Karat also said that in case Third Front comes to
power, CPM's central committee would discuss if the party should join the
government.

 He listed four principals that would govern the Third
Front government: reversal of neo-liberal economic policies, provision of social
equity, consistent secularism and an independent foreign policy. Party has also
promised reservation in the private sector.

 Reacting to BJP's
criticism of Third Front, Karat thanked LK Advani for constantly "popularizing
the front". "NDA", Karat said, "has no future." "Whatever they have done in five
years shows that the verdict of 2004 stands: They do not deserve to be in
power."

 Blaming UPA for its all-round failure, Karat said but for
Left, NREGA would not have happened and the Forest Rights Act would not have
seen the light of day.

 More importantly, Karat said, UPA could not do
a lot of things because of Left's protest. For instance, he said, not a single
private bank has collapsed. "If Manmohan Singh and P Chidambaram had their way
most of them would have collapsed because they were in favour of 74% FDI," Karat
said, adding that Left's intervention also saved insurance and retail trade. But
in the past six months, he said, government has raised FDI content in all
sectors through backdoor.
