
 WESTERN KUSAHA (NEPAL): After the Kosi
catastrophe that unleashed widespread devastation, the central question is
whether the spurs — man-made structures to soften the river's embankment
— are strong enough to resist more breaches. For, if the spurs don't hold,
there could be breaches causing the fickle river to change course yet again
— not by 150 km as suggested in some reports but by about 30
km.

 Says Kathmandu-based expert on Terai, Prashant Jha: "I've heard
that some embankment spurs are weak and vulnerable and could possibly breach.
They were talking about spur 13.6, which is vulnerable and where work is on
— sandbags are being piled along Kosi's embankment."

 What if
the water level rises? Prashant says: "If the level increases by about 5 lakh
cusecs, then the vulnerable spurs will again be under great pressure. There
could be more breaches and the Kosi could change course in that
event."

 The problem is that apart from some stop-gap work to
strengthen the spurs, little has been done until now. The technical teams are
busy with surveys and feasibility studies and want to see how the Kosi behaves.
Actual work is likely to begin only in March-April 2009. 

 But it's a
moot point whether things are again not being allowed to drift again, until it
is too late. While engineers from Kosi embankment circle say the river is
receding, there are reports that 74,000 cusecs of water flowed in on Monday
— a high volume. With Spurs 13.3 and 13.6 considered weak, and in the
event these do cave in, the river could move east — by around 20 to 30
km.

 "After all, it took nearly 100 years for the Kosi to travel 100
km east. It won't change course so drastically in so little a time," says
another expert. Significantly, Kosi tends to get flooded in late September and
early October. If the spurs do get breached and the Kosi changes course by
30-odd km, then Inaruwa, Itahari and Biratnagar in Nepal will be threatened, as
will parts of Araria and Kishanganj which have largely escaped the fury of Kosi
so far. 
