 Olympic leaders approved
major changes on Thursday in track cycling including elimination of the sport's
signature endurance race and the addition of mixed doubles in tennis for the
2012 London Games.

 The International Olympic Committee executive
board agreed to a program of five men's and five women's track cycling events as
part of a gender-parity plan proposed by cycling world governing body
UCI.

 As a result, the Olympics will lose track cycling's iconic event
_ the 4,000-meter individual pursuit for men and women.

 Dozens of
current and former cyclists, including Lance Armstrong, have spoken out against
dropping the individual pursuit. Among those affected are reigning 19-year-old
world champion Tyler Phinney of the United States and two-time Olympic champion
Bradley Wiggins of Britain.

 Also eliminated in the changes are the
men's and women's points races, and men's madison.

 The new Olympic
program includes men's and women's competition in individual sprint, team
sprint, keirin, team pursuit and the five-race omnium event. The omnium combines
performances in a 3-kilometer individual pursuit, 200-meter sprint, 1-kilometer
time trial, 15-kilometer points race and 5-kilometer scratch
race.

 Cycling had seven track events for men and three for women at
the 2008 Beijing Games. Thursday's changes were designed to make sure male and
females compete in an equal number of events in London.

 "The changes
reflect the IOC's desire to continually refresh the program, as well as its
commitment to increase women's participation," the IOC said in a
statement.

 But reigning Olympic women's individual pursuit gold
medallist Rebecca Romero was not satisfied.

 "I'm all in favor of
moving to achieve parity between men and women but there must be a better
solution," she said before the decision was announced. "This is a major culling.
There's got to be something better."

 The change will bring the number
of women track cyclists in London to 84, up from 35 in Beijing in 2008. Women
will make up 45 percent of the total number of Olympic track cyclists, compared
to 19 percent in Beijing.

 On the final day of a two-day meeting, the
IOC board also ratified a proposal by the International Tennis Federation for
inclusion of mixed doubles in London, where the tournament will be played on
grass at Wimbledon.

 In August, the IOC said it wanted guarantees that
top players in singles would be able to participate in mixed doubles. Outside of
the Olympics, the top singles players rarely play doubles or mixed
doubles.

 The IOC said on Thursday that mixed doubles "will bring an
added value to the Olympic program by providing another opportunity for men and
women to compete together on the same field of play."

 In August,
swimming governing body FINA proposed eight more medal races for the Olympics
but was told by the IOC it would have to eliminate other events to accommodate
new ones. FINA then decided not to propose any changes for 2012.
