 Around 5,000 students and interns of medical colleges as well as Delhi
University students are to stage a protest march on Tuesday forenoon against the
government's decision to introduce a bill in Parliament for caste-based
reservation in institutions of higher learning.


 "We have no other option but
to protest against the decision. The matter is before the court and the
government should not have thought of introducing the bill in parliament in this
session," said Jitendra Singla, resident doctors' association of the Maulana
Azad Medical College (MAMC).


 Resident doctors would however
not take part in the protest because that would hamper medical facilities in
hospitals, he said, although they stood by the other protesting doctors.


 The central cabinet on Monday
evening decided to introduce a bill in parliament to provide 27 per cent
reservation for candidates from the other backward classes (OBCs) in
government-aided institutes of higher education.


 The bill, to be introduced in
the ongoing monsoon session of parliament that concludes Friday, has angered
sections of the student community again.


 According to Singla, the
students had earlier met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Human Resource
Development Minister Arjun Singh. However, the meetings had not
helped.

 They have now decided
to meet United Progressive Alliance (UPA) chairperson Sonia Gandhi as only she
can take some action against the government's move.


 "We have contacted several
medical colleges and universities across the country and they would soon join
the agitation. We hope to turn it into a nationwide agitation so that the
government will have to consider our demands," said Binod Patro, president of
the resident doctors association of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences
(AIIMS). 

 He said the protest
march would start from Jantar Mantar in the capital at 10:30 a.m. and the
students would walk right up to the residence of Sonia Gandhi and would try to
meet her. 

 "We were expecting
that the government would try to introduce the bill this session so all the
doctors and students met earlier to decide on the course of action," said
Singla. 

 A section of the
students of Delhi's medical colleges and resident doctors, as well as their
counterparts in many other cities, had in April-May gone on a strike paralysing
the healthcare services in public hospitals after the government announced its
policy to enhance educational quotas.
