 Mauricio Neves is still a
rather unknown name for the many Volkswagen fans in Europe. There are
nevertheless good reasons why the Brazilian together with co-driver Clecio
Maestrelli belong to the factory squad for the 2010 Dakar Rally: The 40-year old
rally driver is one of the big names in his homeland. 

 He has already
won his country's most important off-road championships on numerous occasions
and made his debut in the Race Touareg in the Rally dos Sertoes.


 Mauricio Neves, who lives with his wife and two children in Curitiba
in the Brazilian state Parana, gives an insight into his environment through his
answers about the subject of his "Dakar" debut with
Volkswagen.

 About his Dakar Rally
debut

 "When I started rallying in 1999 I never dreamt of this.
For every cross country rally driver to compete in the Dakar Rally with a
factory team is the greatest thing you can achieve. There has never been a
Brazilian driver who has started for a factory team. There have frequently been
fellow countrymen, who have competed in the Dakar Rally without, however, the
chance of a good result. I want to savour every moment to the full. It is like a
fairytale for a boy from Curitiba who admired the cars in his father's
workshop."

 About the difference
between the Dakar Rally and Brazilian events

 "The sand dunes
are the biggest difference for Clecio and I. Although there are also sand and
dunes in Brazil the rallies in our country do tend, however, to avoid these
areas. But, I have had the opportunity twice since 2006 to contest the Por Las
Pampas Rally in Argentina and Chile. It shares many tracks with today's Dakar
Rally. We managed to adapt very well to the
conditions."

 About the Race
Touareg

 "I've driven many race cars and have already competed
in Formula 3000 in Europe. Compared to this one thing in particularly was
striking on the Race Touareg: It is very highly developed but nevertheless very
simple. There is nothing that is superfluous to requirements. Many electronic
controls and equipment are a genuine help, especially on the very long stages.
After the first visual impression I also got a feeling for its power during the
Rally dos Sertoes. The car is fantastic and easily copes with many of the loads.
The Race Touareg is a real
rocket!"

 About the strengths of TDI
technology

 "The Volkswagen TDI engines are quite simply
fantastic. They are not only extremely positive for the environment because of
their consumption, but they also can be driven much more light-footedly than a
petrol engine. The torque characteristics and power delivery are ideal for cross
country rallying."

 About the
comparison between racing and rallying

 "I like rallying more.
I've already collected experience of circuits with Ferrari and Radical
prototypes. Several years ago I competed once in the Mil Milhas Brazil, a
1,000-mile circuit race, in a Ferrari 550 Maranello. In 2006 with my team mates
Lucas Molo and Nelson Siva Jr. we were eleventh overall and seventh in the GTP1
class. Obviously the track is the same every lap. You always have to take the
same ideal line. In rallying, but more specifically in cross country rallying
you have many more options. Perhaps this is the reason why even Formula 1
drivers are interested in rallying."


 About the strengths of his
co-driver Clecio Maestrelli

 "Clecio is a great friend and
companion. We've driven together since 2005. Unfortunately, we couldn't compete
in the Rally dos Sertoes together because he started on a motorbike. Now we
compete as a team again. A good relationship with one another is the key to
success for a driver and co-driver. I'm very happy to be competing with Clecio
again."

 About the importance of the
South American market for Volkswagen

 "For me it's visible
every day that Volkswagen is an integral component of the Brazilian market
– as it is throughout the entire world. The brand is the largest
automobile manufacturer in Brazil and employs 21,600 people there. Twenty-two
models are produced here. Brazil is the third most important market in the world
for Volkswagen. The products meet the highest worldwide demands. Now the launch
of the Amarok, which as Pick-up is very important for Brazil, is being prepared.
It is a great dream for me to be able to compete for this brand."


 About his physical
preparations

 "I've started an intensive fitness programme
which I carry out three times a week. In addition I go swimming two days a week.
I also practice on karts to keep my reflexes sharp."


 About his personal preferences for
different types of track

 "Earlier I drove in typical sprint
rallies with special stages. I prefer to drive through the mountains and love
tracks full of bends and climbs and drops. However, the Dakar Rally throws up
something of everything every day, including sand and dunes. This suits
versatile drivers and favours nobody in
particular."

 About practical ability
in the Dakar Rally 

 "I'm a trained and qualified mechanic and
worked in my father's workshop in my youth. Which is why my future co-drivers
didn't necessarily have to possess any practical skills. During the Rally dos
Sertoes I destroyed the rear suspension. When somebody arrived with a welding
machine I was able to repair the damage myself before the Volkswagen service
truck reached us. However, I hope that I won't require this skill in the next
Dakar Rally..."
