 India welcomed Pakistan's
admission on Thursday that the Mumbai attacks were planned partly in Pakistan,
but said Islamabad must now dismantle the "infrastructure of terrorism" on its
soil. 

 "This is a positive development," a ministry of external
affairs (MEA) statement said in response to Islamabad's admission and
announcement that it had filed a case against nine suspects, six of them in
custody. 

 After studying issues raised by Pakistan, India will share
whatever it can with Pakistan, the MEA said.

 New Delhi has blamed
November's Mumbai attacks, which killed over 180 people, on the Pakistan-based
terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), and last month handed over information which
Islamabad had used to investigate the assault. 

 "It remains India's
goal to bring the perpetrators of the terrorist attacks on Mumbai to book, and
to follow this process through to the end," the foreign ministry statement said.


 "We would also expect that the government of Pakistan take credible
steps to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorism in Pakistan," it added.


 Yielding to intense international pressure, Pakistan on Thursday
admitted for the first time that the Mumbai terror attacks were "partly" plotted
on its soil and launched from its shores for which it has arrested six persons.


 In the face of evidence provided by India, Islamabad also
acknowledged a Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) links to attacks that began on November 26,
after a series of flip-flops on the credibility of the Indian dossier and
initial denials of a Pakistani hand. 

 Pakistan made its first formal
response to the Indian dossier on the attacks blamed on terrorists based on its
soil at a press conference by interior ministry chief Rehman Malik, who gave
details of the probe following a meeting Indian High Commissioner Satyabrata Pal
had with officials here this morning, PTI reported.

 Malik identified
Hamad Amin Sadiq, a 38-year-old man hailing from Punjab province, as the "main
operator" in facilitating and coordinating the Mumbai attacks and named two
others -- one Khan and one Riaz -- as accused in the case. 

 He
admitted that nine terrorists had sailed from Karachi port for the Mumbai
attacks in three boats.  In all, cases have been filed against nine persons, six
of them already in custody, on charges of "abetting, conspiracy and
facilitation" of a terrorist act.

 Ajmal Kasab, the lone Pakistani
terrorist captured in the Mumbai attacks, is one of those named in the FIR.
Pakistan wants his confessional statement made during his interrogation in
Mumbai, Malik said indicating they would like to have him in their custody.


 The admission about planning of the attack in Pakistan came when
Malik said that "some part of the conspiracy" took place on its soil.


 "About the crime and the criminals, some part of the conspiracy has
taken place in Pakistan. According to available information most of them
(planners and conspirators) are in our custody," he said. 

 Suggesting
links between the Mumbai attacks and the LeT, he said the LeT operations
commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, dubbed by India as the alleged mastermind and
demanded for trial in Mumbai, and its communication expert Zarar Shah have been
"located and are under investigation". 

 He did not specify whether
Lakhvi was named in the FIR registered with the Special Investigation Unit
police station in Islamabad. Two accused have been identified but were at large,
he said. 

 The interior ministry chief said Pakistan needed more
information and assistance from India for bringing out a successful criminal
prosecution and added they were sending 30 questions to New
Delhi.
