
 KHON KAEN (Thailand): Taiwan's Chan
Yih-shin claimed his maiden Asian Tour victory after winning a drama-filled
three-way playoff at the King's Cup in Thailand on Sunday. 

 Chan
birdied the second play-off hole from five feet at the Singha Park Khon Kaen
Golf Club to edge out England's Nick Redfern and a luckless Simon Yates of
Scotland, who missed a three-foot birdie attempt to extend the contest.


 The man from Taipei ended his campaign with a final round of
two-under-par 70 for a 14-under-par 274 total which was matched by Redfern, who
shot a blistering 66 and Yates, who returned a 68 in the season's final event.


 The trio posted matching pars on the first extra hole but Chan rose
to the occasion with an exquisite approach for his winning birdie putt to win
the 47,550 dollar top prize. 

 "I'm feeling ecstatic. I played well
throughout the week and I'm really happy. When I was trailing by a few shots
with a few holes to play, I thought I didn't have a chance to win and I just
wanted to finish as high as possible," said Chan. 

 Chan, who led for
the first three rounds, made a crucial eight foot birdie putt on the 17th hole
to draw level with Yates and Redfern. 

 "After Nick double bogeyed the
17th hole, I was back in the tournament. I made a crucial birdie putt on 17 from
eight feet to draw level. That was an important moment," he said.


 Redfern was in red-hot form, reeling in eight birdies to open up a
two-stroke lead with two holes to play before hitting a tee shot into the par
three 17th which got plugged in the greenside bunker. 

 He needed two
attempts to escape the sand trap to stumble to a double bogey back into a tie
for the lead. 

 "The incident on 17 didn't affect me at all because I
made a good putt for five and just kept myself going down the last," said
Redfern, who was playing in only his fourth Asian Tour tournament this year.


 "Getting tied second is a pretty good result for me. I had 17 good
holes but got a little bit unlucky on the 17th hole. Overall it is good, I will
be taking back a lot of confidence from this tournament." 

 Yates
brilliantly charged into the title hunt but said he was disappointed to miss his
short putt to take the play-off to a third hole. 

 "The last putt
broke so hard from right to left and I couldn't believe it. I thought it was
left edge as I saw Chan's putt earlier and he missed it right and I got
confused. So I aimed it in the middle and missed it," said Yates. 
