 Justifying his top billing
Grandmaster Boris Gelfand of Israel won the Chess World Cup, defeating former
world champion Ruslan Ponomariov of Ukraine in the tie-breaker of the
final.

 After the first three games ended in a draw, the fourth game
under normal time control was intense but also ended in a draw leading to the
tie-breaker which was also not devoid of venom. 

 Gelfand enjoyed
early lead in the rapid tie-break games and was almost closed to shut the doors
on Pono when suddenly in the last (fourth) game of the rapid games the giant
rose and squared the one point advantage that the Israeli had. 

 The
stage was thus set for the tie-break blitz games that have been known to give
the seeds a taste of their own medicine. 

 Gelfand won the second set
of Blitz tie-breaker 2-0 after drawing the first set 1-1. 

 Ruslan
Ponomariov had conceded that he had booked his return ticket only after the
final day of tie-breaker - unusual if other world cup aspirants had been taken
in to account but the Ukrainian was prophetic in his words - showing clinical
ease in making it to the finals. 

 "I managed to win in the tie
breaks, though it was very hard," a visibly happy Gelfand said.

 "I
think I could have showed good result already in the second rapid game. But the
stress and tension did the work and I started blundering. Ruslan was also making
mistakes. I had a bit advantage in the fourth game. The only thing I should have
done is to make a goal in the empty gates. 

 "But I blundered again.
Ruslan started a counter game and I gave in. Then we started playing blitz
games. Here everything depended on the coolness and ability to keep the nerves
together," Gelfand said after the match. 

 "I was not impressed by the
fact that I was top seeded. There were about 20 chess players who had every
reason to expect to win the Cup," added the Israeli when asked if expected to
win the world cup. 

 When asked what it takes to perform at his age,
Gelfand was quite candid in his reply. 

 "Undoubtedly age influences
performance. The older a grandmaster is, the more experienced his games are.
Starting from 1997 I participated in almost every knockout tournament.


 "I have gained a great deal of experience since then, especially in
the tiebreak. There were so many strong and young chess players who fell apart
after their first defeats. 

 "They lacked the moral strength, they
could not forget about one failure to continue the fight in the further games. I
think it comes with experience." 

 Gelfand is now part of the next
world championship cycle. The Israeli has been a candidate for the world
championship before but this time it is his best claim to be there.       

