
Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh had an emotional reunion with his
family members, who met him on Thursday in a jail in Pakistan for the first time
in 18 years.

 After receiving
permission from the Home Department of Punjab province, Sarabjit's wife
Sukhpreet Kaur, his daughters Swapandeep and Poonam, his sister Dalbir Kaur and
her husband Baldev Singh went to the Kot Lakhpat jail to meet him at about 5 pm
(local time).

 Sarabjit was
sentenced to death for alleged involvement in four bomb attacks in Punjab
province in 1990 that killed 14 people. His April one execution was deferred for
30 days by President Pervez Musharraf so that Pakistan's new government could
review his case following an appeal for clemency from
India.

 Ahead of the meeting,
prison officials said Sarabjit's kin would be allowed to spend at least an hour
with him. They pointed out that the prison superintendent had the discretion to
allow them to spend an additional 30
minutes.

 Sarabjit's family
brought with them special food that he was fond of. Dalbir Kaur was carrying 18
'rakhis' one for each year that her brother has been away from
India.

 Dalbir and Sukhpreet
have also said they would try to meet Premier Yousuf Raza Gilani and PML-N chief
Nawaz Sharif to take up Sarabjit's case with them and to seek clemency for
him.

 However, Sarabjit's kin
have been issued visas valid for seven days that allow them to visit only Lahore
and Nankana Sahib, the birthplace of Guru
Nanak.

 Pakistan's former human
rights minister Ansar Burney said he was forwarding fresh mercy petitions asking
for Sarabjit's death sentence to be converted to life imprisonment as there were
several loopholes in his
conviction.

 Dalbir thanked the
Pakistan government and prison authorities for letting the family meet
Sarabjit.

 She added, "there was
great sadness in our hearts. Sarabjit told us about his experiences and the case
against him. I will speak to the governments of Pakistan and India and (rights
activist) Ansar Burney (who has promised to file fresh mercy petition on behalf
of Sarabjit to Musharraf) about these
matters.

 "Sarabjit is keen to
meet Burney and is eagerly awaiting a visit by him to the jail. I am sure Burney


 sahab

 
will meet Sarabjit and find out the facts about his case."
