
 KHON KAEN (Thailand): Kolkata pro
Rahil Gangjee brought home a sensational, course-record equalling eight-under 64
to join compatriots Anirban Lahiri and Harmeet Kahlon at the second place after
the halfway stage of the King's Cup golf tournament on Friday. 

 As
many as six players trail Chan Yih-shin (137) from just one stroke behind and
half of them are Indians. 

 Gangjee, whose lone Asian Tour title came
at the Volkswagen Masters-China in 2004, is now fancying a second triumph as is
Kahlon, winner of the 2002 Hero Honda Masters. 

 Among other Indians
in the fray, Indian Open winner C Muniyappa and veteran Gaurav Ghei were tied
11th at four-under 140, three shots ahead of Digvijay Singh who lay tied 32nd.


 Firoz Ali and Manav Jaini share the 52nd place at 146. Those who
missed the cut included Himmat Rai (148), Baaz Mann (149) and Vikrant Chopra
(156) after the cut line was set at 147. 

 Gangjee chipped in for an
eagle on the 18th, his ninth hole of the day to add to his six birdies and a
lone bogey as he moved into contention. 

 "In the beginning it was
stressful but later in the round, it became fun. After Thursday's first round, I
was outside the cut line and I was so stressed out and hit it all over the
place. Today was something else, everything clicked," an elated Gangjee later
said. 

 "Now, I'm in a different kind of mode. I think I should be
safe. It's stressed me out enough. Now that I'm in a good position, I'll try to
finish it off," said Gangjee, who is ranked 63rd on the Order of Merit and needs
to finish in the top-65 on Sunday. 

 Kahlon, on his part, eagled his last
hole for a five-under 67 to take the clubhouse lead. 

 Kahlon showed
glimpses of his old form and started his second round brilliantly, reeling in
three consecutive birdies from the first hole. 

 And he made sure he
finished off his day in style, rifling a five iron approach into the par five
18th hole to set up a 15-foot eagle chance which he converted. 

 "I
had a very good round as my putts were falling and I was able to read the greens
very well. I have been playing well on the Indian circuit so I'm not surprised
to be doing good here," said Kahlon. 

 "I have been putting in more
quality training. Every time I practice, I treat it like a real tournament and
my ball striking has improved a lot because of that," said the former Hero Honda
Masters winner.
