
Pakistan's former Human Rights minister Ansar Burney on Thursday said he will
send a mercy petition on behalf of Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh to
President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.


 Reacting to a statement by
Musharraf's spokesman that no mercy petition for Sarabjit is currently pending
with the presidency, Burney said he would make sure the plea for clemency is
hand-delivered to the President and the Prime Minister.


 "I am asking them to consider
Sarabjit's case on the basic issues of human rights and justice," Burney said on
phone from Karachi. 

 Sarabjit
is currently on death row for his alleged involvement in bomb blasts in Punjab
province in 1990. 

 He also said
he had contacted officials in the Home Department of Punjab province to arrange
a meeting between Sarabjit, currently being held in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail,
and the condemned man's family which had arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday.


 Burney, one of Pakistan's
leading rights activists and a member of the Advisory Committee of the UN Human
Rights Council, said he was seeking clemency for Sarabjit as there were several
loopholes in the case against him.


 He pointed out that Sarabjit
was not named in any of the FIRs registered in connection with the four bomb
blasts he was accused of allegedly carrying out and he had not been caught
red-handed. 

 His trial by a
Pakistani court was not proper, he said. Burney also said he was being subjected
to a "trial by media" and receiving death threats for taking up Sarabjit's
case.

 "I am even being
threatened with suicide attacks. No arrangements have been made for my security
even though I am a member of the UN advisory committee," Burney said.


 He said he would continue to
try to get justice for Sarabjit.


 Meanwhile, Sarabjit's family,
his sister Dalbir Kaur and her husband Baldev Singh arrived in Pakistan on
Wednesday to meet him and to urge the Pakistan government to release him. They
have been given seven-day visas to visit Nankana Sahib and Lahore, where
Sarabjit is being held. 

 The
Pakistan government claims Sarabjit is Manjit Singh, who carried out bomb
attacks in Punjab province in 1990. Sarabjit's family denies he is a spy as
claimed by Pakistan and insists he accidentally strayed into Pakistani
territory.
