 Dwayne and Darren Bravo are
half-brothers with the kindred spirit of twins. In India to play in the
Champions League for Trinidad and Tobago, the Bravo brothers spoke to TOI about
each other and how they plucked oranges out of trees in Trinidad. Not to eat it,
but to use it as a cricket ball!
Excerpts...

 Can you describe the
relationship between you
two?

 Darren:

  Dwayne is and
has always been a very loving brother and I must say it's a great pleasure
playing alongside him, because I learn a lot from Dwayne. As kids we would tell
each other that we would play together for West Indies one day and look what
happened.

 Dwayne:

  It's a close
relationship. Although he is my half-brother there was never a half-hearted
approach towards him.

 Did you guys
interact a lot as
kids?

 Darren:

  Dwayne used to
live in a different house but he used to visit me often and we would play
cricket. Ever since we were young we used to pluck oranges out of trees to use
it as a ball and use sticks as bats. This was in Santa Cruz, Trinidad. That's
how our relationship went from strength to strength. We would joke with each
other, play marbles together and run 100 metre
races.

 Dwayne:

  We used to play with
each other quite often. Then I moved out of the area and went to live with my
personal coach. We were separated for a few years and that was the time I
started to miss him.

 Has the
relationship changed over the
years?

 Darren:

  Not a bit.
I'm here trying to make a name for myself, trying to follow his footsteps and
I'm grateful that he is helping me out. Hopefully, when we finish, we can look
at each other and say we lived our dream and did our family
proud.

 Dwayne:

  It's changed in a
way that it has become a lot more fun. We see each other everyday since we are
playing for the same team.

 Was there
ever any jealousy or bitterness toward each other since you had a common
father?

 Darren:

  No, never.
Surprisingly, as kids we were mature about the whole thing. Dwayne anyway
belongs to a different age group so there was no competition as in such. He
looked after me like any older
brother.

 Dwayne:

  I don't think
there was any jealousy but what helped matters was Dad was cool with both of us.
He paid attention to each of us equally when we were together. I guess that
factor helped.

 June 26, 2009 must
have been a special day in both your
lives.

 Darren:

  Yeah it was.
I was making my debut for West Indies against India and Dwayne's step dad and
mom, our dad and mom were sitting together in the stands at Kingston, Jamaica.
You should've seen, they were one big happy family. I can't describe the feeling
that I had that day.

 Dwayne:

  It was
one hell of a day. I hope we as brothers have more such days.
