 Even as people grapple with
the tragedy of being displaced by the floods in Bihar, there is a silent
disaster that is unfolding.

 With a large number of people migrating
to Delhi and other cities, NGOs and activists warn that trafficking of women and
children is likely to see an upsurge.

 Of the 3.3 million people that
have been affected, an estimated 42% are below 18 years. Activists say this is
the most vulnerable group, prone to being misled into commercial sex work or
bonded labour by middlemen on the pretext of providing help.


 Rishikant of Shakti Vahini said, "Our colleagues working in the
field in Bihar have said that there are a large number of women and children who
are being picked up. We are monitoring the trains arriving from Bihar."
According to a Unifem-NHRC study, the population of women and children in sex
work in India is said to be between 70,000 and 1 million. Of these, 30% are
under 20 while nearly 15% began sex work when they were below
15.

 Statistics by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) show that
89 cases of trafficking were registered in 2004, a 93.5% increase since 2003.
Significantly, of the 89 cases, 35 — the second highest — were from
Bihar.

 Despite mounting vigilance, there has been little success in
rescuing women and children in the past two weeks. NGO Pratidhi's Raj Mangal
Prasad, who works with children in need of care and protection, said there was
no monitoring at entry and exit points. 

 "There is no vigilance
mechanism at railway stations that are hubs to find missing, kidnapped or
trafficked children," Prasad said.

 He added that every disaster led
to mass displacement of vulnerable groups. "Some parents send their children to
relatives in other cities. They go missing or are trafficked after that," Prasad
said. Activists have also said that identifying those being trafficked was very
tough and with many people travelling ticketless, there was no way to check the
passenger's antecedents. Diversion of trains from New Delhi railway station to
other stations has added to the chaos.
