 Meet three generations of
the Khateeb family here — a study in contrast that best explains the
generational change in the militancy-ridden state, where polls are under way,
through the month.

 Abdul Hai Khateeb, 80, has never ever voted
— he believes in "azaadi". He has no intention of changing his stand at
this ripe old age and will not vote this time either. He is the
resident-grand-old-man with his known "separatist views" in this town where both
BJP candidate Daya Krishen Kotwal, as well as Congress nominee and former chief
minister Ghulam Nabi Azad, are trying to woo him into casting his
vote.

 His son will not vote because he is not around. He crossed over
10 years ago — into Pakistan, along with militants. He is apparently still
there. The family seems to have given up on his return. 

 Khateeb's
grandson Abu Zarein Khateeb would have been a first-time voter at age 26. An MBA
graduate from Bangalore, he runs the family shop in Sadarbazar, set up by his
grandfather. Abu declares emphatically: "I am a hundred per cent
Hindustani."

 He believes in the democratic system but he too has
decided against voting this time. "There is no candidates who is qualified to be
an MLA, according to me. Politics have been mired in religion this time and
there has been a communal polarisation. Also, there is too much money power at
play," Abu says, with the clarity of a management graduate who could have done
well for himself at any MNC in a big city, elsewhere in the
country.

 Instead, Abu has chosen to stay on in this small town. He
has decided not just to look after the fairly big electrical goods and home
appliances shop — confidently tackling customers and suppliers; firm, but
with a smile on his face and doing brisk business — but has also taken
over the onus of caring for his grandfather, and the rest of his
family.

 Taking time off in between chats over three mobile phones,
and attending to customers, Abu seemed glad to be able to speak to someone from
outside on issues like election and his political views. "I disagree with him,"
Abu said, pointing at his grandfather who is busy speaking about how his
"conscience does not allow him to vote because he believes in azaadi and not in
the Indian Constitution."

 With a smile, he says he has no
apprehensions in taking on the responsibility of his family. There is another
brother "who will go out", Abu says, while "I stay back", reflecting an usually
deep sense of responsibility coming from a 26-year-old who has also seen the
world outside Bhaderwah, and his militancy-ridden state of Jammu & Kashmir.
Abu, however, says he has big plans to expand present business including
venturing into real estate, when asked if he is not feeling stiffled running
this shop after an MBA degree from Bangalore.
