 The Indian cricket
fraternity, on Sunday, hailed the team's elevation to the top of the Test
rankings but warned  and his men that staying at the summit is always tougher
than reaching there. 

 India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 24 runs
to clinch the three-match series 2-0 and top the ICC rankings for the first time
since its 2003 inception. 

 Former captain Sunil Gavaskar led the
tribute but also reminded the contributions of former captains Sourav Ganguly
and Anil Kumble in making the side a formidable outfit. 

 "Players
like Sourav Ganguly and Anil Kumble made a lot of contribution. They are the
guys who moulded the team. Their teammates imbibed fighting qualities from the
Gangulys and Kumbles," Gavaskar said. 

 Individually, Gavaskar
reckoned, Sachin Tendulkar would cherish the feat more than anyone else.


 "I think Sachin was probably dying for this day. He started in 1989
and has completed 20 years in international cricket. He missed out on a World
Cup when India lost the final in 2007. 

 "Now this is a big moment for
him. I would think this is as big as all his personal records," Gavaskar said.


 According to him, reaching the top was hard but staying there would
be even harder.

 "Getting to number one is hard work. But they would
have to work harder to stay there because others would try to knock them off the
pedestal. They would have to be lot more consistent but it's not beyond them.
They have got the skills and talent and it's application which is not always 100
percent," Gavaskar explained. 

 Asked if there was any area which
India needed to address, Gavaskar said, "We still don't have regular opening
pair of bowlers. (S) Sreesanth is back, Zaheer (Khan) remains the spearhead and
Ishant (Sharma) hopefully will be able to regain his spark and I hope he returns
to form soon. If that happens, it would be good for India to have three new ball
bowlers who can bowl well abroad. 

 "In the spin department, (Pragyan)
Ojha had a good debut series and Harbhajan (Singh) is also taking wickets," he
said. 

 Asserting that India have to have a strong bench strength,
Gavaskar said, "I believe bench strength is the true indicator of a team's
potentials. In the spin department, you have Amit Mishra too but I don't see a
top class off-spinner or a left-arm spinner on the horizon." 

 Like
Gavaskar, former captain and now chief selector K Srikkanth also paid rich
tributes to former captains Sourav Ganguly and Anil Kumble, saying they did an
excellent job. 

 "Anil Kumble led the side ably and did a great job
after Rahul Dravid had relinquished captaincy. As a bowler, I don't need to
comment on his performance." 

 "At the same time, you have to remember
Sourav Ganguly. Ganguly was an attacking captain right from the start and even
in his last series against Australia, his contribution with the bat was crucial
for the team," Srikkanth said. 

 Former spinner Bishan Singh Bedi said
it was a proud moment in Indian cricket and said Dhoni has been lucky to have
proven match winners like Sachin Tendulkar and Zaheer Khan in the side.


 "Congratulations to all members of Team India for their superb
performance. They have made it possible. It has taken a long time for them.
Right now, it's a proud moment to cherish and not look at the shortcomings," he
said. 

 "I would like to credit people like Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul
Dravid and Virender Sehwag. They are the people like who have really combined
the unit. They have really filled the gap. Dhoni to my mind is very lucky man to
have all these greats under his command," he said. 

 "Definitely they
can beat South Africa and Australia at their own home-turf," he added.


 Former spinner EAS Prasanna said the team needs to build on the
recent success. 

 "It is a wonderful victory. It is gratifying to
witness a great effort by the team especially since it's coming for the first
time in the history. There is going to be added pressure on the team now. We
need to do lot of home work now on to sustain that position with the knowledge
that other countries are also developing faster," he said.

 Another
former captain Ajit Wadekar said no praise is enough for Dhoni's men given the
consistency with which they have been performing. 

 "Dhoni and his men
have realised the dream of past masters of the game like me. Each of us, who
have played for the country had dreamt of achieving the feat of being world
number one in Test. I congratulate the current bunch of Indian cricketers," he
said. 

 "We have to sustain this position as long as possible. We have
been doing well in international cricket but in recent times, we have been much
more consistent, which has truly reflected on our top position today. As a past
captain and coach of the national side, I join the millions of Indians in
congratulating the team effort of Dhoni's men. 

 Former pacer Javagal
Srinath, who is now an ICC match referee, said the pace attack led by Zaheer
Khan should be complimented for wrecking havoc on pitches which are largely
unresponsive. 

 "They have grabbed the number one spot convincingly.
In Kanpur they won it on a flat track. It was Sreesanth who won us the Kanpur
Test and it is Zaheer Khan who has brought glory for Team India in the Mumbai
Test," he said.

 "India has been pretty good in these last 3-4 years.
I am very pleased with the effort they have put in to become the number one Test
side in the world. Now, I want them to continue with their good run and maintain
the ranking for next couple of years," Srinath said. 

 Former batsman
Ajay Jadeja said the team has clicked as a unit and no individual can be
credited for the rise. 

 "It's a great achievement by the team.
Congratulations to Dhoni and his boys. Dhoni is as good as his team. The kind of
team he has, it's great. Had this team been not there, he would not have been
that successful captain which he is today. 

 "Dhoni appears to be
leader and when it comes to leader, he is been fabulous and wonderful. You can't
say, it's Dhoni, Sehwag or Tendulkar has become number one. But, it's team India
which has become number one and not any individual," he said.
