 Egyptian Ramy Ashour's
'affair' with Mumbai continued. One who won the hearts of Mumbai fans after
claiming the Herald Maritime Open in 2005 added the Punj Masters PSA Masters
title in the $152,000 event at the Thunderdome at Bombay Gymkhana on Thursday
night beating England's Nick Mathew 11-6,9-11,11-9,11-9 in a 79-minute tussle
enjoyed by the 500-odd crowd at the event promoted by Ivy Sports of India player
Ritwik Bhattacharya and Raj Arora. 

 Ramy had bought a Peugeot car
with the Rs 4 lakh he won in 2005. He wouldn't say what he would buy with the Rs
13 lakh jackpot here. He was maybe thinking of clubbing it with another almost
twice that one that awaits next week's winner of the $250,000 Saudi Open which
brings down the curtain on the season.

 Loser Nick Matthew said, "I
will obviously learn from the mistakes I made here like not playing the big
points well and win that one in Saudi to give myself a Christmas gift."


 The crowd was left thinking about the irony that Ramy beat Nick with
a backhand into the nick (corner) when on match point at 10-9. Nick too had the
chance to do that in the previous point but played the shot down the line which
was put away by Ramy to go on match-point. A pity the two-time British Open
champ and No 4 seed Nick Mathew didn't prove as nicky after all against the No 3
seed, who was the 2008 World Open .

 Nick, down 1-2 in the
five-setter, was playing so well in the early stanza of the fourth game that one
expected the match to go to the decider. Nick also had some negative points from
Ramy. But the big points counted in the end.

 Nick had not lost a
single game on route to the final. He lost three tonight, two of them after
reaching nine. Which indicated it was Ramy and not he who played the big points
better.

 Ramy got a conduct warning for hitting the ball out of court
and made any number of protests over the time-wasting tactics of his opponent
who kept asking for the wet floor to be wiped. The warning worked in Ramy's
favour for he re-focussed on the match and his strokeplay perked up when it
counted.

 It was a feast befitting the presence of squash worthies PSA
chairman Ziad Al Turki, PSA CEO former world No 5 Alex Gough, World Squash
Federation president N Ramachandran, Atul Punj and Test cricketer Dilip
Vengsarkar and Mumbai's hard-core fans. Gough echoed their thoughts when he
said,"Squash is a passion in Egypt they lift their stars to the skies and they
respond."
