
 GERMANY,
August 20:

  Viswanathan Anand lifted his 10th Grenkeleasing Rapid
championship title after defeating Armenian Levon Aronian in a cautiously played
final here.

 The Indian beat Aronian 2.5-1.5 to complete an unbeaten
run en route to another memorable performance on his favourite hunting
ground.

 "I am very happy to lift the title for the 10th time. This
was a very tiring championship. I had to play 14 games with Aronian (8 in Chess
960 and 6 in Rapid) but I am happy to win."

 "In my last game Aronian
was better in the opening but as the game developed my knights became more
powerful blocking all his pieces, there was no other way left for him," Anand
said in the post match press conference after donning the winner's black jacket.
He will now have a three-week break before the World championship in
Mexico.

 Anand proved superior to Aronian in the fourth game of the
final after the first three games ended in draws. Aronian, who had fought well
till the last game of the championship collapsed when put under pressure from an
innocuous position.

 The first three games between Anand and Aronian
were evenly contested. Anand was never in trouble and Aronian on his part did
well to defend the black side twice. The tension built up in the fourth game
where Anand played black and faced the Catalan opening.  Anand equalised after
the opening to reach a position, which did not offer many chances to either
side. However, Aronian, possibly under pressure in the final game, gradually
started to play worse and fell seriously behind on the clock.

 His
only weakness, a pawn on queenside, suddenly came in firing line and when it
fell, Anand was already well on his way to another title victory. 

 In
the Ordix open rapid tournament, Grandmaster Krishnan Sasikiran ended on a high
defeating sole leader David Navara of Czech republic in the final round game and
tied for the first prize on 9.5 points out of a possible 11 along with Navara
and GM Mikheil Mchedlishvili of Georgia.

 Grandmaster P Harikrishna
tied for the fourth spot with nine points and it could have been a different
story for him if he had just made a couple of moves against Navar in the ninth
round encounter. 
