
 HOCKENHEIM/PUNE: Volkswagen India
Private Limited firmed up its plans to enter Indian motor sports with the
announcement of the signing of the Letter of Intent with JK Tyre &
Industries Limited to bring the globally acclaimed Volkswagen Polo Cup to India
in 2010. 

 The racing series will be based on the highly successful
Volkswagen Polo Cup touring cars series for young talented drivers being held in
Germany and other parts of the world. 

 Speaking on the occasion of
the finale of the DTM - the German Touring Car Championship - at the famous
Hockenheimring (Germany) on Wednesday, Prof. Dr. Jochem Heizmann, Member of the
Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, said, "Volkswagen's commitment to the Polo
Cup India represents a long-term initiative designed to promote the development
of motor sports in India. It is the first time in the history of Indian motor
sports that a car manufacturer has launched a racing series of this kind, which
is designed to train and promote talented and upcoming young drivers. We shall
be developing a series of programs over the coming weeks and months designed to
identify suitable young drivers and recruit specialized technicians from across
the country."

 The Volkswagen Polo Cup India will enhance awareness as
well as underline the technological advancement and power of the soon to be
launched Volkswagen Polo model in India. 

 Prof. Heizmann added, "The
Polo Cup India will underline the strengths of the Polo product, which will be
manufactured in Pune, to racing fans and others. This state-of-the-art, high
quality, powerful vehicle with its reliable performance offers attributes that
are critical to achieve success in the field of motor sports."

 "While
the Polo Cup, as part of the DTM - the German Touring Car Championships - is an
institution in Germany, we hope that the "Polo Cup India" will also break new
grounds. The task we have set ourselves is not trivial. However, we are
convinced that the project will be a success and that the interest that we
generate will allow us to make a long-term contribution to the continuing
development of motor sports in India"; concluded Prof.
Heizmann.

 Joerg Mueller, Volkswagen Group Chief Representative India
who was present on the occasion commented, "we would like to strengthen our
association with India by not just manufacturing technologically advanced
products but also by taking initiatives to create a favorable environment for
the development of a uniquely Indian motor sports culture. Volkswagen's motor
sports activities are renowned globally and we look forward to bringing our
knowledge and expertise in this direction to India." 

 Kris Nissen,
Volkswagen Motorsport Director stated, "The Volkswagen Polo Cup is of
significant importance from the perspective of the motorsports community as it
provides a vital platform for the genuinely talented young racer to develop his
skills and compete in a level playing field. All participating vehicles are
technically identical with the same performance data making it possible for only
the most skilled drivers to leave an impact. The Polo Cup is the training ground
for tomorrow's touring car champions."
