 The family members of
Sarabjit Singh entered Pakistan on Wednesday to meet him and pinned their hopes
on President Pervez Musharraf to release the Indian national on death row for
the last 17 years. (

 Watch

 )

 Shortly after crossing
the Wagah border on Wednesday afternoon, Sarabjit's wife Sukhpreet Kaur and his
daughters Swapandeep and Poonam insisted he was innocent and had been wrongly
convicted and given death sentence for the four bomb attacks in 1990 that killed
14 people in Punjab province. 

 Sarabjit's family, his sister Dalbir
Kaur and her husband Baldev Singh have been given seven-day visas to visit
Nankana Sahib and Lahore, where Sarabjit is being held on death row at Kot
Lakhpat jail in Lahore. 

 Poonam, who was only 23-days-old when her
father crossed the border, said: "I want to hear my father uttering my name, and
I want to embrace him. I want to know what a father's love feels like."


 "We urge everyone to help us free our father. We have come to appeal
to President Musharraf to help us by freeing our father as he is innocent. We
believe that he will certainly help us," Poonam said. 

 Swapandeep,
who was two-and-half-years old when her father strayed into Pakistan, said: "We
have come with the hope that the improved relations between India and Pakistan
will have an impact on my father's case and he will soon be released.”


 The family is carrying letters written by various persons to
Musharraf seeking clemency for Sarabjit as well as letters written to Sarabjit
by his friends. 

 Sarabjit's kin have also sought permission to meet
Musharraf and other Pakistani leaders to take up his case, but it was not
immediately known if such meetings will take place as their visas do not allow
them to travel to Islamabad.

 The Pakistan government claims Sarabjit
is Manjit Singh, who carried out the attacks. Sarabjit's family denies he is a
spy as claimed by Pakistan and insists he accidentally strayed into Pakistani
territory. 

 Sukhpreet told reporters at Wagah, "My husband is not
Manjit Singh. He is Sarabjit Singh, an ordinary farmer who mistakenly crossed
the border while he was drunk. 

 He could never do the things for
which the cases were filed against him. "I am convinced everybody will support
me in my efforts to get my husband freed. I will be seeing him after 18 years. I
never imagined we would be separated for so long and my children would not see
him for such a long time," she said. 

 And Poonam remarked, "We have
evidence that he is Sarabjit Singh, and not the Manjit Singh who carried out the
bomb blasts. An innocent man who has spent 18 years in jail should be released.
Not just my father, but all Pakistani prisoners in Indian jails should also be
released."
