 Title aspirants India reached
the semi-final of the SAFF Championships following their unconvincing 1-0 win
over Nepal in a Group A match on Monday. 

 The India Under-23 side
were done a huge favour by Nepalese goalkeeper Bikash Malla who fumbled with a
Robert Lalthalma piledriver in the 17th minute and inadvertently pushed the ball
across the line while trying to gather it. 

 Sukhwinder Singh's boys
now have two wins to their credit, having beaten Afghanistan by an identical
margin in their opening game on December 5, enough to qualify for the last four
stage without doing anything great. 

 The first half was evenly
contested but the Nepalese came back strongly in the second session and they
laid siege of the Indian goal in the last few minutes. 

 But the
Indian defence was equal to the task and they survived a flurry of corners from
the Nepalese. 

 For Nepal, most of the attack originated from
mid-fielders Bijay Gurung and Anjan. The duo fed striker Anil Gurung, who play
for the Indian I-League side Shillong Lajong. 

 Gurung had a few shots
at the Indian goal but failed to beat Indian goalkepeer Arindam Bhattacharya,
who had a fine day for the second consecutive match today. 

 In the
34th minute, diminutive Gurung was perfectly positioned for a header but he
nodded a few inches over the bar to the disappointment of the handful of their
supporters at the stand.

 Jeje Lalpeklua, who came in place of Balwant
Singh in the 69th minute, could have made it 2-0 but the striker, who had scored
India's lone goal against Afghanistan, headed over the bar in the injury time
off a Jeevan Singh corner. 

 Right winger Joaquim Abranches received
his second yellow card of the tournament today and he will miss India's final
group match against holders Maldives on Thursday. He was substituted by Suboth
Kumar in the 63rd minute. 

 Goalkeeper Arindam Bhattacharya also was
booked by the referee. 

 In the other group match, Maldives bounced
back from their surprising 1-1 draw in their opening game against Nepal by
beating Afghanistan 3-1. 

 Maldives now have three points from two
matches and they will just need a draw against India to make it to the
semi-final. 
