 Saina Nehwal and the Jwala
Gutta-V Diju pair stand good chance of winning the gold in 2010 Commonwealth
Games, provided they manage to keep themselves injury-free and peak at the right
time, according to national coach Pullela Gopichand. 

 Talking on the
sidelines of the ongoing Global Sports Summit 'Turf 2009', the former All
England champion said with four major events lining up next year, the Indian
shuttlers would have to maintain their fitness and manage their workload
sensibly to give themselves the best chance of doing well in those marquee
tournaments. 

 "Next year is very important. It will be a testing time
for Saina and Indian badminton as a whole. There are four big tournaments - All
England, World Championship, Commonwealth Games and the Asian championship. So
everyone have to ensure that they are injury-free and peak at the right time,"
Gopichand said. 

 "I think Saina in women's singles and Jwala-Diju in
mixed doubles have definitely good chance in Commonwealth Games. In men's
singles I would like Chetan (Anand) to do well and win a medal," he said.


 Gopichand felt scheduling would be key and it has to be done in such
way that the shuttlers are in their prime form for the October 3-14 Commonwealth
Games.

 "From June next year, we will schedule it in such a way that
they have August and September to pick themselves up and then they go into the
Commonwealth Games in October," Gopichand said. 

 Gopichand did not
fuss about Saina's rankings and said he would be happy if the shuttler from
Hyderabad wins medals or performs well in the big events.


 "Ranking-wise, I will be happy if she remains anywhere within the
top 10 but I would be happier if she plays well in the All England, Commonwealth
Games and Asian Championship. I think she should focus on that. Performing well
and winning medals in these tournaments would be more satisfying," he said.


 The 2001 All England champion said the top men shuttlers of the
country should also take care of their fitness if they have to perform well next
year. 

 "The idea would be to ensure that they stay physically fitter.
I believe we have at least 4-5 players who have the potential but their fitness
is an issue. They need to take care of that if they want to perform well," he
said. 

 The national coach said he would be interested to see how some
of the young players perform in the next season. 

 "I would be
interested to see how some of the players like (PC) Thulasi, Sikki (Reddy) and
(PV) Sindhu from the women's side play. They are very young and I would be
interested to see how they evolve and perform next year," he said.
