 Contradicting Commonwealth
Games Organising Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi's claims, three-time Olympic
champion sprinter Usain Bolt has denied making any commitment to run at the
event in New Delhi next year. 

 In what would come as a major
embarrassment for the organisers, Bolt's manager Ricky Simms says the world
champion Jamaican has not made any promises so far and will decide on his
participation only next year. 

 "I've spoken to Glen Mills (Bolt's
coach) who confirmed that no decision will be made about Usain's participation
in the Commonwealth Games until May-June 2010 when he starts racing in the IAAF
(International Association of Athletics Federations) Diamond League," Simms
said.

 Kalmadi, during the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in
Port of Spain, claimed that Bolt, the world record holder for the 100 and 200
metres event, would definitely compete in the Delhi Games scheduled October 3 to
14 next year. 

 The star sprinter, however, maintains that it is too
early to commit to the event, the build-up to which has been far from ideal with
mounting concerns about the pace of infrastructure
development.

 Considered the fastest man on the planet, Bolt had
missed the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne due to a hamstring injury.


 Asked about his chances of participating in the Delhi Games a few
weeks ago, Bolt had said he has left the matter to his coach. 

 "I
don't know (if I will be attending), you will have to direct that question to my
coach, he determines what I do," Bolt had stated. 

 "For me it's cool,
as long as it's a championships I always go out there and do my best ...It's
always good to have under your belt a title, but as I said, it's all about the
coach." 

 Kalmadi, who is under pressure from both the Indian Sports
Ministry and the Commonwealth Games Federation to ensure a successful Games, has
been insisting for quite some time that Bolt would be there in Delhi.


 The Indian Olympic Association chairman is even looking for a
sponsor to pay for Bolt's expenses during his stay in India. 

 But the
23-year-old star has been advised by the likes of four-time Olympic champion
Michael Johnson to go slow in 2010 before starting his build-up to the 2012
London Olympics. 

 "It might be time for Bolt to slow down.
Physically, there is no doubt he can continue to compete, and there is no
telling how fast he might go one day," Johnson said.
