 Two daughters of Sarabjit
Singh, the Indian prisoner facing death penalty in Pakistan on terrorism
charges, have written a letter to US President George Bush, addressing him as
"uncle" and urging him to intervene and save their father from the gallows. (

 Watch

 ) 

 Poonam and Swapandeep,
who do not even recall having ever seen Sarabjit, have sought "Uncle" Bush's
intervention to save their father from being hanged May 1.

 The letter
has been sent to President Bush just ahead of the Lahore visit by Sarabjit's
sister Dalbir Kaur, his wife Sukhpreet Kaur and both daughters along with
another relative Wednesday.

 Sarabjit has been languishing at the Kot
Lakhpat jail in Lahore. The letter has urged the US president to see the whole
issue from the perspective of a father.

 "Uncle, our father entered
Pakistan territory in 1990 by mistake in a drunken state and has not done
anything to warrant death," the letter said.

 They have pointed out
how their father became a victim of mistaken identity and was subsequently
sentenced to death for causing the death of 14 people in bomb blasts in Lahore
and Multan in 1990.

 Sarabjit is identified in Pakistan as Manjit
Singh. His family in Punjab disputes this identity saying he has nothing to do
with terrorism.

 "We have never seen our father as we were too young
when all this happened. Our father was the sole breadwinner of the family and
has been falsely implicated," the sisters said.

 The letter comes at a
time the family is trying to lobby through all channels to seek clemency for
Sarabjit. Pakistan human rights activist and former minister Ansar Burney has
been preparing a fresh clemency petition for him.

 Dalbir Kaur said
Monday she was hoping the Pakistani people will help her family in saving
Sarabjit. "I appeal to families of the victims of the bomb blasts, in which
Sarabjit's name has figured as Manjit Singh, to pardon him even though we know
that he is innocent. We are going with a lot of hope," she said.
