 Britain's world heptathlon
champion Jessica Ennis is set to miss next year's Commonwealth Games.


 The 23-year-old said the timing of October's event in Delhi would
clash with her preparations for the World Indoor Championship and European
Championship, which she considers key staging posts on the way to the defence of
her world title in Daegu, South Korea in 2011. 

 "The timing of the
Commonwealth Games is not great," Ennis said on Thursday. 

 "October
is when I start my winter training so I'd have to push everything along, and it
wouldn't be good for doing an indoor season the following year, which I need to
prepare well for the next World Championship." 

 In August the English
athlete led her rivals from start to finish to claim World Championship gold in
Berlin. 

 That was in marked contrast to last year when Ennis suffered
the agony of missing the Beijing Olympics because of a right ankle stress
fracture. 

 She has recently been shortlisted for the Sports
Personality of the Year award and next month will captain the Great Britain and
Northern Ireland team in an international match at Glasgow's Kelvin Hall.


 "It is the complete opposite end of the spectrum from a year ago,"
Ennis said. "I was completely forgotten about and that was a disappointment.


 "But my performance in Berlin has brought massive change. There is a
lot more media attention and opportunities and at the same time I am back in
training and trying to work hard. 

 "There has been lots of changes,
so it's about getting that balance right. 

 "Watching the Olympics at
home was horrible," she added. 

 "There is so much media attention and
it was the Olympics this and Olympics that. 

 "It was really difficult
to watch knowing I was close to being part of it before having it taken away
from me. 

 "You had those days when you are crying and saying, 'why
me?' And then you think there are worse things in the world and you have to get
on with it. 

 "I would never want to go through an injury like that
again but the World Championship made up for it quite a bit. 

 "The
Olympics are a whole new level but the World Championships are the next best
thing so to come back and win it made up for the Olympics disappointment a lot,"
she explained.        
