 Always a difficult task, but awarding a Bharat Ratna this year to a
political personality either living or dead might be an impossible task for the
government given the rising clamour for the honour from all quarters —
claims have been made on behalf Atal Bihari Vajpayee to Charan
Singh.

 Given the fierce
politicking over Bharat Ratnas, this year may well be the the seventh time in a
row that the award is not announced. The last time the nation’s highest
civilian award was announced was in 2001, the year it was given to two
non-political personalities — playback queen Lata Mangeshkar and Shehnai
maestro Ustad Bismillah
Khan.

 This year, there have
already been quite a few names doing the rounds, a process set off with Leader
of Opposition L K Advani writing to PM Manmohan Singh suggesting that Atal
Bihari Vajpayee be honoured with a Bharat Ratna. The names of Biju Patnaik
(BJD), Kanshi Ram (BSP), Karpoori Thakur (RJD), Chaudhary Charan Singh (RLD),
Jagjivan Ram and Jyotiba Phule (both recommended by LJP) are
some.

 Though the final decision
lies with PM Manmohan Singh who, if he so wishes, may consult the Leader of
Opposition and vice-president Hamid Ansari after going through a short-list,
government sources claimed that there has hardly been any official move so far
in this direction. 

 Still,
there is a section which believes that the government may, at the last moment,
spring a surprise by announcing a non-political name, someone who will be
broadly acceptable to all. Given the jostling over the social justice plank and
the politics of reservations, it is possible that a figure from the past may be
honoured. Yet, the government will be loathe to step onto a mine
field.

 Sources in the home
ministry, which provides secretarial support to the Padma award committee
through the home secretary, said if somebody writes to home minister Shivraj
Patil suggesting names for Bharat Ratna, the request will simply be forwarded to
the PM.

 The provision of Bharat
Ratna was introduced in 1954. The first Indian to receive this award was
Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman. Since then, as many as 40 individuals have
received this coveted
award.

 There is no written
provision that Bharat Ratna should be awarded to Indian citizens only. It has,
therefore, been awarded to a naturalized Indian citizen, Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu,
better known as Mother Teresa (1980), and to two non-Indians — Khan Abdul
Ghaffar Khan and Nelson Mandela (1990) — as well. Similarly, it is also
not mandatory that Bharat Ratna be awarded every
year.

 The Padma award committee
— which is responsible for shortlisting names for three other civilian
awards Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri — has, meanwhile,
held a number of meetings to prepare a list for the
PM.

 Sources said that the committee
had already received as many as 1,223 recommendations from different states,
Union Territories (UTs), MPs, MLAs, ministries/departments of central
government, private individuals and organizations for these three Padma
awards.

 An official said the
committee was in the final stage of submitting these recommendations to the PM.
"Efforts are on to do it as quickly as possible so that the announcement of
these awards could be made on time on the eve of Republic Day after getting the
list approved by the President," said the official.


 vishwa.mohan@timesgroup.com
