 A Cameron Jerome double
gave Birmingham a 2-1 win over Blackburn as Alec McLeish's side claimed a fifth
consecutive win in the Premier League for the first time in the club's history
on Tuesday.

 Ryan Nelsen ensured a nervy finish for Birmingham but
McLeish's men held out for three points that lifted them to sixth place in the
table.

 Blackburn boss Sam Allardyce restored Jason Roberts and Nikola
Kalinic to his side at the expense of fellow strikers Franco Di Santo and Benni
McCarthy, while El-Hadji Diouf and Morten Gamst Pedersen replaced the injured
Vince Grella and David Hoilett.

 McLeish kept faith with the side that
had beaten West Ham at the weekend, which meant former Scotland captain Barry
Ferguson lining up against the club where he suffered a serious knee injury
during a previous spell in the English top flight.

 It was another
Scot, James McFadden, however who was at the origin of Birmingham's opener. The
winger played a short corner to Sebastian Larsson whose cross was headed
goalwards by Christian Benitez before Jerome scrambled it over the
line.

 Birmingham immediately looked significantly more confident and
Lee Bowyer only just failed to get on the end of a through ball from Benitez
after good build-up work.

 Benitez was denied a goal of his own by a
marginal offside decision and Blackburn were weakened by the loss of Australia's
Brett Emerton to injury shortly afterwards.

 Kalinic might have
equalised three minutes before the interval after Birmingham failed to deal with
a hopeful punt in the box but he mis-kicked at close range.

 Blackburn
were made to pay for that missed opportunity three minutes into the second half,
when Jerome doubled their lead.

 Larsson's overhead pass sent Carr on
an overlap and he picked out Jerome with a precise cutback, the striker driving
a low shot beyond Paul Robinson in the Blackburn goal.

 It was the
50th league goal of Jerome's career and his celebrations were sufficiently
jubilant to earn him a yellow card.

 Allardyce reacted by replacing
Diouf with Junior Hoilett after 53 minutes and Blackburn gained a lifeline with
just over 20 minutes left when Pascal Chimbonda got on the end of Pedersen's
inswinging free-kick.

 The defender forced Joe Hart into a fine save
but Nelsen was on hand to bundle the ball home.

 Blackburn huffed and
puffed but it was the home side who came closest to adding to their score in the
closing stages, Benitez hitting the bar from close range after Robinson had
parried a Jerome shot.
