 After achieving the number
one status in Test cricket, Indian cricketers will strive to end the year on a
high by winning the five-match One-day series against Sri Lanka, says
off-spinner Harbhajan Singh. 

 "We played excellent game this year. We
will strive hard to win the ODI series with Sri Lanka and end the year on a
winning note," Harbhajan told reporters here after launching a drug awareness
campaign. 

 "We will not drop our guards and become relaxed and keep
trying to win matches in future," the seasoned tweaker added. 

 India
ascended to the top of Test rankings after winning the three-match series
against Sri Lanka 2-0. 

 The One-day series will begin at Rajkot on
Tuesday. Talking about splendid batting efforts of Virender Sehwag and Yuvraj
Singh that helped India level the two-match Twenty20 series against Sri Lanka,
he said, "Both Veeru and Yuvi are great players. It is always a pleasure to
watch Veeru and Yuvi batting on field." 

 Wishing a speedy recovery to
pacer S Sreesanth, who is battling Swine Flu, Harbhajan said "I pray that with
all our good wishes he recovers soon." 

 Talking about the drugs
awareness, he said "For building a strong nation, the youth needs to be made
aware on the ills of use of drugs. If the youth is focussed on a positive path
the country will progress and emerge more stronger." 

 Harbhajan said
he regrets appearing on a television reality show along with actress Mona Singh
as Ravan and Sita and asserted that the act was not meant to hurt anyone's
sentiments. 

 "I respect all the religions and my act never intended
to hurt sentiments of any section of society. If I knew that my performing in a
particular manner in a dance show will hurt the sentiments of someone I would
have not done it at the first place. I regret what I did," he said.


 Harbhajan launched the awareness campaign of an NGO run by the same
local advocate Arvind Thakur who along with the Punjab unit of VHP was
instrumental in filing a case against him and Mona.
