 A day after paceman S
Sreesanth was diagnosed with swine flu, comprehensive preventive measures were
on Saturday put in place to ensure that other members of the Indian cricket team
were not affected by the dreaded virus. 

 Soon after team manager
Mayank Parekh was hospitalised with flu-like symptoms late Friday night, the
preventive guidelines have been to the cricketers to protect themselves from
H1N1 influenza. 

 However, till late Friday night, doctors were
divided in their opinion on whether the entire team and support staff should be
given Tamiflu drug as a preventive measure since most of them had come within
close proximity of Sreesanth who first reported the symptoms in Nagpur five days
ago. 

 Punjab's Nodal Officer for swine flu cases, Deepak Bhatia said
a team of doctors had "screened" the players and those "who were in very close
contact with Sreesanth. They have been asked to report any flu like symptoms as
early as possible. 

 Chandigarh's officiating Nodal Officer for swine
flu cases, Dr G C Bansal said since the team was putting up in Chandigarh, a
health team from the Union Territory had visited the Taj hotel to conduct a
check up on the players. 

 "However, we found that a team of doctors
from Punjab was already there. We were informed that those who were in very
close contact with the affected player have been put on preventive treatment,"
Bansal said. 

 Sri Lankan team's local manager Sushil Kapoor said no
player from the island nation had so far shown any flu-like symptoms.


 "The Lankan team practiced on Saturday and everything is normal with
them and they are taking up things as per routine. There is no scare in the team
whatsoever," Kapoor said. 

 Indian cricket team manager Mayank Parekh
was admitted to a local hospital late Friday night with flu-like symptoms.


 "The manager has been admitted to the (Fortis) hospital only as a
precautionary measure after he developed cough and cold," Joint Secretary of
Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) G S Walia said. 

 Meanwhile, the
Indian cricket team has been advised to report to the team management and hotel
doctors if they show flu-like symptoms. 

 Walia said specific tests
for swine flu will only be done if the players show symptoms. 

 "The
tests for swine flu will only be done if there are any symptoms of flu.
Otherwise, players can just have a routine medical checkup," Walia said.


 Sreesanth was admitted to the Fortis hospital on Thursday night and
the in-form speedster remains under the doctors' observation following multiple
ailments. 

 Tests had confirmed that he is suffering from H1N1
influenza.

 Director of Fortis, Mohali, Dr A R Banerjee said that the
Kerala cricketer, who has been ruled out of Saturday's Twenty20 International
against Sri Lanka, is doing better now. 

 "His condition is improving.
All his vital parameters are okay. Sreesanth is likely to be under treatment at
the hospital for 2-3 days. The decision to discharge him will be taken once
there is a marked improvement in his condition," Banerjee said on Saturday.


 Punjab Cricket Association President I S Bindra will hold a press
conference later in the afternoon at PCA stadium, where he is expected to give
details on issue, PCA sources said. 
