 China's Ding Junhui became
the most successful Asian player in professional snooker history when he beat
reigning world champion John Higgins 10-8 in the UK Championship final on
Monday. 

 Victory gave Ding, the 2005 UK champion, his fourth ranking
event title - surpassing the three titles won by Thailand's James Wattana.


 The 22-year-old collected a cheque for 100,000 pounds (162,455
dollars) and in the process became only the seventh player - after Steve Davis,
Stephen Hendry, Mark Williams, Doug Mountjoy, Ronnie O'Sullivan and Higgins - to
win the UK title twice. 

 It was the first time Ding had won a major
tournament since taking the 2006 Northern Ireland Trophy and suggested he'd
finally overcome the mental scars inflicted by a 10-3 hammering at the hands of
Ronnie O'Sullivan in the 2007 Masters final. 

 "I think I am a better
player now," Ding told the BBC when asked if he had improved in the four years
since winning his first UK title. "I am more experienced. Now I tell myself
'don't get angry'." 

 Asked about his prospects of winning a first
world title, Ding added: "I am trying every year but there are players better
than me but anything can happen in tournaments." 

 Higgins added:
"Ding's safety game was great. I've missed three balls in the last three or four
frame, which is unforgivable really. 

 "But well done to Ding.


 The match, which had been a close contest since it started on
Sunday, was all square at 7-7 before Ding opened up a two frame lead at 9-7.


 Ding then potted an impressive long red but lost position on 18.


 Higgins responded with a fine long red of his own and went on to
make an excellent and composed break of 115 - his first century of the final -
to cut Ding's lead to 9-8. 

 Ding then failed to get enough distance
with the cue ball as he attempted a safety shot early in the 18th frame and let
Higgins in. 

 But Higgins, who beat O'Sullivan 9-8 in a thrilling
semi-final, missed a red and left it over the pocket to give Ding a chance.


 Ding responded with a break of 75 and, although Higgins played on in
the search for the snookers he needed, his opponent then potted a long red to
set the seal on a fine victory. 

 Higgins had been playing catch-up in
the final until the 34-year-old Scot became the first player in the match to win
two frames in a row to take the lead for the first time at 7-6. 

 But
Ding replied with a break of 74 to level at 7-7. 

 In the next
Higgins, needing just the brown for the frame, astonishingly missed a routine
pot and left it over the pocket. 

 "That was terrible, just taking my
eye off it," Higgins said. 

 Ding knocked in the brown and the
remaining colours to steal the frame and go 8-7 up. 

 Higgins went
49-0 ahead in the next but Ding fought back and then had the better of a safety
exchange before knocking in two superb long pots on both yellow and green on his
way to extending his lead to 9-7.
