 When you meet the tall
Sussex Sharks allrounder Robin Martin-Jenkins, you can't help but feel pity for
the cricketer. No one cares about his story, no one's interested in his career.
All everyone is curious about is his authoratative and influential multiple
award-winning cricket writer-father Christopher Martin-Jenkins. Martin-Jenkins
jr spoke to TOI about, what else, his famous dad.
Excerpts:

 Doesn't it bother you that
no one wants to know about you but only your dad?

 It's OK. I'm
used to answering questions about my dad. Moreover, I haven't played
international cricket. If I would have, perhaps you would have asked me about
me. 

 Becoming a cricket-writer was
also a choice for you. Isn't it?

 Dad put a bat in my hand
before I started walking and writing. And if I didn't like cricket perhaps I
would've picked up the pen but I never let go of the bat. Thank god for that. I
feel it's easier to play cricket than write about it.


 Do you read you father's write-ups
regularly?

 I try to read as much of his writings as possible
but he writes a lot, the same way I play a lot of cricket and he is unable to
catch all my games. But yes, I do dig out time to read his write-ups and other
cricket stuff. But when I don't want to read cricket I go to Vikram Seth and his
novels. Suitable Boy is the one I go back to again and again.


 Can a cricket writer's advice be
more useful than a coach's sometimes?

 I discuss a lot of
technical stuff with my father but then mom and sister protest if we overdo it.
Sometimes his inputs are more insightful than the coaches'. 

 It's
very interesting how he reads the game. He has covered the game, seen the game,
studied the game for so long that he is as good or sometimes better than any
qualified coach in England. He often asks me to believe in my abilities because
it's the belief that differentiates the domestic players from the international
players.

 Has he covered any of your
matches?

 Dad finds it very difficult and embarrassing to cover
my matches. I recollect I was making my First-Class debut and as luck would have
it I scored a match-winning fifty. Dad was covering the match and later e wrote
in his report that the 'player with a long surname' scored a fifty. I don't
think he even used an adjective to describe my innings. 
