 Pakistan former captain and
pace legend Wasim Akram on Thursday broke down in front of an inquiry committee,
probing into the allegations that his wife Huma died due to medical
negligence.

 Akram after meeting the committee members, consisting of
federal health ministry officials, said that he is appalled by the way the
medical professionals carry out their duties in some hospitals of the
country.

 "My wife died because she was not provided proper medical
care and as a result, her kidneys failed and she suffered heart complications,"
Akram said.

 He also demanded the government to intervene and to take
concrete steps to check the malicious activities of these private hospitals,
where people were not being provided with due medical care and being
fleeced.

 The committee members, meanwhile, after the meeting, have
sent their recommendations to the government to cancel the licenses of around 17
doctors and para-medical staff at one of the private hospitals under
scrutiny.

 The provincial health minister later confirmed to media
that he had issued orders for the cancellation of licenses of the doctors.


 Akram had carried out a vociferous campaign seeking action against
the doctors and support staff of the two private hospitals where his wife
remained under-treatment before she expired in a Chennai hospital on October
25th.

 Not satisfied with the treatment being meted out to his wife in
Lahore, Akram had flown his wife to Singapore on an air ambulance for further
treatment.

 On their way, Huma suffered a heart attack which forced
aircraft to make an emergency landing in Chennai where Huma was taken to a
private hospital. After remaining in intensive care unit for more then a week,
Huma, a psychologist by profession, died.

 "I will carry out a
campaign against these doctors and staff who don't do justice with their
profession," an annoyed Akram had said against the doctors of Pakistan's private
hospitals.

 "It was scary to think that how many other people had been
affected by the negligence of these people," the former captain had added.
