 Three titles in the past two
years and a success rate of a hundred per cent at home would normally be
regarded as a fine result for Indian football, but not now and not for Baichung
Bhutia.

 India have proved in more than just a good measure that they
can match, if not better, some of the better teams from the continent, but for a
team that is preparing to take on the best in the business - at the Doha Asian
Cup in 2011 - such results mean nothing. "We have done exceedingly well at home
in the last couple of years, but the same cannot be said about our away record.
We need to play more games away," said Bhutia.

 India's triple triumph
at home in the past two years include two Nehru Cup titles, and of course the
triumph in the AFC Challenge Cup which ensured India's qualification to the
Asian Cup after a gap of 24 years.

 India's away record, as Bhutia
pointed out, has nothing much to crow about. The last "away" win was against
Bhutan, a team in danger of being named the worst football team on the
planet.

 That India were also anointed as the wooden spooners of
global football - "Why England Lose & Other Curious Football Phenomena
Explained" (HarperSport 2009) - is an altogether different matter. "Our
preparations for the Asian Cup should include a lot of friendlies outside India.
Such matches will give us the confidence and allow us to rub shoulders with the
best in business without getting intimated," explained the India captain, who is
expected to spearhead India's challenge at the Asian Cup in 14 months' time. "We
can't be happy with wins just at home," felt the India captain.

 Chief
coach Bob Houghton has just culminated a camp at Goa, keeping the seniors
together for close to three-weeks. The absence of a scheduled friendly though
could have upset his plans.

 India missed out on a friendly against
Iraq at the Ambedkar stadium in Delhi after the Asian champions were suspended
by FIFA.

 "It's a big setback for our preparations," rued Bhutia, who
himself missed the early part of the camp through injury.
