 Paceman S Sreesanth was on
Wednesday rewarded for his impressive return to international cricket with a
berth in India's T20 and One-day squads for the series against Sri Lanka,
beginning from December 9. (

 Watch
Video

 )

 Pace spearhead Zaheer Khan and seasoned off-spinner
Harbhajan Singh were rested for the two Twenty20 matches while Bengal paceman
Ashok Dinda and Tamil Nadu all-rounder R Ashwin were the two new faces.


 Delhi paceman Ashish Nehra also found a place in both the squads,
announced by BCCI secretary N Srinivasan after a meeting of the selection
meeting here. 

 Sudeep Tyagi, the Uttar Pradesh speedster, who was in
India's One-day squad during the recent series against Australia has been
retained in the squad for the two T20 matches and the first two One-dayers.


 Struggling Ishant Sharma was included in the T20 squad but was
omitted from the ODI team, which will have Zaheer, Praveen Kumar, Nehra,
Sreesanth and Tyagi as specialist pace bowlers. 

 Opener Gautam
Gambhir, who has skipped the ongoing third and final Test against Sri Lanka to
attend his sister's wedding, has been named in both the squads.

 The
national senior selection committee, headed by former captain K Srikkanth, have
opted to give a chance to a few youngsters who have done well in the domestic
circuit. 

 The 25-year-old paceman Dinda shot into limelight in the
inaugural edition of the Indian Premier League and has been a consistent
performer in the Ranji Trophy matches for Bengal. 

 Ashwin is a
promising off-spin bowler and also a useful batsman down the order. His
all-round abilities will provide variety to the team in the shortest format of
the game. 

 The teams to be captained by Mahendra Singh Dhoni have a
blend of youth and experience with Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Gambhir,
Yuvraj Singh, Harbhajan and Zaheer being the senior players.


 Squads:


 For T20s:

  Mahendra
Singh Dhoni (C), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh,
Dinesh Karthik, Yusuf Pathan, R Ashwin, Ishant Sharma, Ashish Nehra, S
Sreesanth, Ashok Dinda, Sudeep Tyagi, Pragyan Ojha and Rohit Sharma.


 For first two ODIs:

  Mahendra
Singh Dhoni (C), Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Yuvraj
Singh, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan, Praveen
Kumar, Ashish Nehra, S Sreesanth, Pragyan Ojha, Sudeep Tyagi and Virat
Kohli.
