 Sir Alex Ferguson is poised to
recall his big guns when Manchester United travel to Upton Park on a mission to
keep in touch with Chelsea at the top of the Premier League table.


 Ferguson fielded a youthful side in the midweek League Cup victory
over Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford and was rewarded as the likes of Danny
Welbeck, Darron Gibson, Federico Macheda, Gabriel Obertan and Ritchie de Laet
impressed in United's comfortable passage to the semi-finals. 

 The
Scot has been full of praise for those who have stepped up to the plate, and
critical of those who who have dared to suggest the players in question might
not meet the high standards required at Old Trafford. 

 Yet it is
doubtful Ferguson will trust any of them enough to hand them regular exposure to
the tough demands of the Premier League, mainly because United's margin for
error in the title race is minimal given the five-point advantage Chelsea
currently hold at the top of the table. 

 The exception could be
Gibson, whose two goals in midweek have presented Ferguson with a selection
dilemma. 

 The Ireland midfielder has shown he is ready for a
continued run in the team but the problem Ferguson faces is accommodating him in
an area of the side where he is spoilt for choice. 

 The recent form
of Anderson and Michael Carrick has dipped and these two could be the most
vulnerable should Ferguson decide to hand Gibson another chance to impress in a
line-up that will see Wayne Rooney, Ryan Giggs, Darren Fletcher and possibly
Paul Scholes return. 

 Veteran defender Gary Neville believes the
midweek display against Spurs was proof that United have another golden
generation of young stars on their books and he argued that those on the fringes
should now be considered an integral part of United's first team squad.


 "I don't think they're younger players," Neville said. "They're
playing for their countries and they deserve to be there by right.


 "They're Premier League players of that quality, although they're
obviously developing. 

 "It's going to be difficult to go all the way
in the League Cup, but we're in the semi-finals again and we want to continue to
do well this year." 

 Having struggled badly earlier in the season,
West Ham have moved out of the relegation zone by winning two of their last four
matches and, like Ferguson, manager Gianfranco Zola is reaping the benefit of
giving homegrown young players their chance. 

 Few of the Hammers
proteges have impressed more than winger Zavon Hines, who is relishing the
chance to test himself against the champions. 

 The Jamaican-born
forward is not lacking in confidence and insists he will not be overawed by the
reputations of the players he will come up against on Saturday. 

 "I
am looking forward to the game and it doesn't matter who you play. When Arsenal
came here we were really up for it and came back from 2-0 down so I'm happy to
take on anyone. 

 "Every time I come on I feel happy because not a lot
of people get into my position. Playing for West Ham is a big thing for me and
every time I play I get more confidence." 

 Hines is set to start on
Saturday with West Ham's England striker Carlton Cole sidelined by a knee
ligament injury. Swiss midfielder Valon Behrami is also out and Zola is sweating
on the availability of Matthew Upson, who is struggling with a hamstring
problem.
