
 Besides a string of gold medals in
hockey, India's record in the Olympics has been, to put it mildly, pedestrian.
There are a few names that invariably pop up when discussing India at the
Olympics — hockey wizard Dhyan Chand, the so-near-yet-so-far experiences
of Milkha Singh and PT Usha and the more recent medal winners such as
Rajyavardhan Rathore and Leander Paes. 
 
 But if you rummage through
India's dismal history at the Games, there are some remarkable stories that
stand out. Of players who excelled on the playing field — and sometimes
off it — and are now largely forgotten. 
 
 Perhaps the most
remarkable of these Olympians is Jaipal Singh, the captain of the hockey team
that won India its first Olympic gold medal — several years before
Independence — in the 1928 Amsterdam Olympics. Born in a remote village in
what is now Jharkhand, Jaipal was taken to England by the English principal of
his school in Ranchi. After two terms at a college in Canterbury, Jaipal joined
St John's College, Oxford, where he made a name for himself as an ace defender
in the university's hockey team. When he was chosen to play for India, Jaipal
was a probationer in the Indian Civil Service. The decision to captain India,
however, meant taking leave from the India Office in London. "I did not get
leave! I decided to defy the ruling and take the consequences," he writes in his
autobiography. 
 
 The Indian team, which included Dhyan Chand, would go
on to win the Olympic gold medal convincingly. But by a twist of fate Jaipal did
not play in the final. Dhyan Chand later said, "It is still a mystery to me why
Jaipal Singh, after ably captaining us in England, and in two of the three
matches in the Olympic Games, suddenly left us. I have heard many stories, but
so far I have not had the truth." Jaipal himself did not throw any light on his
sudden withdrawal. He merely says in his autobiography that on his return to
London from the Olympics, Lord Irwin, Viceroy of India, congratulated him
personally. 
 
 Jaipal's story does not end there. After the Games, he
was told he would have to stay one more year in England because he had taken
unauthorised leave. He immediately quit the ICS. After various jobs that took
him from Calcutta to Ghana to Bikaner, Jaipal returned to Ranchi. There, he took
a decision that changed the trajectory of his life. In 1939, along with a few
others he formed the Adivasi Mahasabha which sowed the seeds for a separate
Jharkhand. A Constituent Assembly member and a four-time MP, Jaipal remained
till his death in 1970 an eloquent defender of Adivasi rights. 
 
 If
Jaipal was part of India's first tryst with hockey glory, there was another
athlete — Norman Pritchard — who had already won two medals in the
1900 Paris Games. Born in 1875 in Calcutta to an English couple, he studied in
St Xavier's School. Pritchard was a name to reckon with in the Calcutta maidan ,
winning the 100-yard dash for seven consecutive years. 
 
 Pritchard's
participation in the Olympics happened almost by chance. During a visit to
London in 1900 he took part in and won the London Athletic Club's Challenge Cup
for the 440-yard hurdles. Within a week he was competing against international
athletes at the AAA Championship. Pritchard came second in the 120-yard hurdles
and was chosen for the Paris Olympics. Pritchard competed in five events and won
silver medals in the 200m sprint and 200m hurdles. 
 
 There is,
however, a dispute over whether Pritchard represented India in Paris. Though the
International Olympic Committee credited his medals to India, the athletics
statistics book of the 2004 Olympics said he represented Britain. This was after
an article appeared in the Journal of Olympic History arguing that Pritchard had
represented Great Britain. 
 
 As for Pritchard, he returned to Calcutta
after the Olympics and served as secretary of the Indian Football Association
for two years. Later, he left for America and made a career in Hollywood,
starring in silent films under the name of Norman Trevor alongside stars such as
Cary Grant, Clara Bow and Ronald Colman. Legend has it that he died penniless in
1929. 
 
 There are two sportsmen worth recalling in the years
immediately following Independence. In the 1948 London Olympics, a teenage
triple jumper from Bangalore, Henry Rebello, was considered a sure medal
prospect. With the best jump worldwide in 1948 — 50 feet 2 inches at a
national meet in Lucknow — he was the favourite for the event. Rebello
followed it with a 52-ft one-and-half-inches jump, a few inches short of the
world record, a fortnight before the Games. But on D-day, he faltered.

 
 As Rebello has recounted in an interview to sports journalist Gulu
Ezekiel, he committed two fateful mistakes that drizzly and cold afternoon in
London. One, he did not warm up before his jump; two, he went flat out in his
first jump itself. The result was a torn hamstring as Rebello launched into his
jump. He landed in a heap in the pit, his medal dreams in tatters. His
misfortune was partially rectified by KD Jadhav, who won independent India's
first individual medal in 1952 — a bronze in bantamweight wrestling.

 
 These pioneer Olympians are now mere names in the record books. But
for a nation starved of Olympic glory, they serve as reminders of athletic
achievement in the face of formidable odds. 
