 Terming bowling as "India's
weakest link", former all-rounder Manoj Prabhakar on Tuesday said that a bowling
coach was a must for the team.

 "If the Indian team cannot make many
runs, we cannot win. Bowling is our weakest link. Batsman in India are termed
world-class but not bowlers. We need to make our pacers our strength," Prabhakar
said. 

 "That's why we need a bowling coach. If there is a bowling
coach the bowlers can constantly improve. Otherwise they will come to the team
'A' class, but their level will keep on dropping," he said. 

 "For
batsman, we have the likes of Sachin (Tendulkar) and (Rahul) Dravid to give
advice but for bowling we need a professional bowling coach," he
added.

 Since Venkatesh Prasad was sacked from the job, India are
without a bowling coach. 

 Asked about the poor form of pacer Ishant
Sharma, whom he had guided during his stint as the bowling coach of the Delhi
team, Prabhakar said the bowler needed to mend his action to be back to his
best. 

 "Too much cricket is one reason (for Ishant's poor form).
There are few flaws in his action. When your wrist is not behind the seam you
are gone. But it is a minor flaw and he (Ishant) is still the best," he said.


 Prabhakar, who was to announce the next edition of pace bowling
talent hunt 'Gatorade Pacers 2010', felt the Indian team didn't have the basics
to produce a tearaway fast bowler.

 "If you see the background, we
were more of medium pacers and relied more on swing. Javagal Srinath changed the
scenario a little bit but still the basics are missing," Prabhakar
said.

 "If we want, we can be good pacers. But the basics need to be
strengthened. May be in the next one or two years we will have a couple of fast
bowlers," he added. 

 Commenting on Prasad's stint with the Indian
team, Prabhakar said,"If he was complete, our bowling level would not have
dropped. I started at 124km/hr and ended at 140km/hr. But here they (bowlers)
are starting well only to get slower." 

 Prabhakar also batted for the
cause of former Indians to be considered for coaching the Indian team.


 "Those who have done wonders for the country should also be given a
chance to coach the team. If there is someone who is working hard on the field,
producing results why not? An Indian can coach too. 

 "If you don't
give your own players a chance, then who else will? May be two years later (or
whenever he retires) they (BCCI) can ask players like Sachin Tendulkar to
contribute their expertise," he said. 

 Prabhakar said given a chance,
he too was willing to be the bowling coach of the team.
