 Pakistan sport minister Ejaz
Hussain Jakhrani said he would ask the government to lodge a protest with the
New Zealand foreign and sports ministry after the national cricket team was
racially abused during the Napier Test.

 Jakhrani told the media in
Islamabad that he was very upset to read about the incident where the brother of
a MPA and his friends got drunk and then shouted slogans of "Pakistani
terrorists" at the players during the second day's play of the third Test in
Napier. 

 "I am very disappointed at our players being abused like
this and I will ask the government to lodge a protest with the New Zealand
foreign ministry and sports ministry," Jakhrani said. 

 The minister
said Pakistan was itself the target of terrorist attacks because it was
supporting the international coalition and its war on terror. 

 "Our
players have gone to New Zealand to play cricket as ambassadors of peace. They
don't deserve to be targeted with such slogans," he said. 

 Jakhrani,
who recently replaced Pir Aftab Shah Jillani as minister of sports, pointed out
the incident was a setback for the prestige and pride of Pakistani people.


 "It is something that should not have happened and we will take up
this matter with the New Zealand government," he maintained.

 Jakhrani
said he would also ask the Pakistan Cricket Board to take up the matter with the
International Cricket Council as such incidents were unacceptable.


 "Our players are ambassadors of peace and whatever the circumstances
that led to the slogans against our players I think our team deserves an apology
from the New Zealand government," he added. 

 The MPA's brother and
his friends were denied drinks and were asked to leave the ground after the
incident but Pakistan team manager Abdul Raquib has said that since the players
didn't hear anything they would not lodge any protest with the New Zealand
cricket officials nor the ICC. 

 The PCB has also said it can only
take up the issue with the ICC if the team management sends a report to the PCB
on the reported incident. 

 Jakhrani also made it clear that any
sporting ties with India would only be possible with government clearance and
permission. 

 "No body can decide by itself about sporting contacts
with India as all sporting contacts with India are linked to having normal
relations and peace with them. 

 "Jakhrani said he was not happy at
the way Pakistani players were insulted in the Indian Premier League issue and
felt the PCB had not handled the IPL issue properly," he added.
