 In the latest episode of the
sleazy soap opera that Tiger Woods’s domestic life has turned into, an
unidentified blonde woman was reported to have been taken to hospital in a
stretcher from the golfer’s Florida home early Tuesday morning. The
development occurred even as a website reported that Woods’ wife, Elin
Nordegren, had moved out and was living in another house in the neighbourhood.


 An ambulance responded to a call for medical assistance from
Woods’s Florida home, US media reported. Local television said the call
was made at 2:36am, local time. TV reports said that a radio log showed that an
adult woman was transported from Tiger’s home to the Health Central
Hospital in nearby Ocoee. The woman, said to be middle-aged, was listed as an
advanced life support patient.

 Hospital officials refused to identify
the patient amid media speculation that she could be Tiger’s
mother-in-law, Swedish politician Barbro Holmberg. The hospital later said she
had been released. 

 Meanwhile, a website, citing
‘‘sources close to the golfer’’ and neighbours, reported
that Tiger’s wife Elin had moved out of the couple’s $2.6 million
Windermere home. The website, RadarOnline.com said Woods and his aides were
keeping Elin’s move a secret in the hope she would come back soon.


 It is believed that Woods and his wife of five years have been
renegotiating their prenuptial agreement in an attempt to persuade her to stay
with him. 

 Elin has reportedly bought a Swedish mansion worth over $2
million. "The official story from her family is that she bought the place with
her twin sister, Josefin, not with Tiger," a Swedish news agency was quoted as
saying. Elin’s Swedish home is located on prime Scandinavian real estate -
a small, secluded island reachable from Stockholm only by ferryboat.


 In yet another sensational turn, it was reported that Woods may have
been rushed to hospital with a suspected overdose of prescription drugs the day
he crashed his car outside his house. 

 The star’s wife, Elin
Nordegren, gave paramedics at the hospital two bottles of prescription drugs,
Vicodin painkillers and Ambien sleeping pills, according to celebrity website
TMZ. He was said to have been having trouble breathing, was falling in and out
of consciousness and doctors even had to use a tube to help him
breathe.

 The Orlando Sentinel reported that the police sought a
subpoena to obtain Tiger’s hospital blood test results, but the request
was rejected. At a TV show, a website’s chief investigative correspondent
said that it was strange that a 33-year-old world-class athlete like Tiger Woods
was found on the grass, snoring, after the accident. "He fell asleep, which
raises the questions for some doctors - was he on sleep agents or possibly on
pain medications that may have dulled him?"

 Two more women were added
to the list of the golfer’s alleged mistresses, taking the increasing
number to 10. One of the two women who "confessed" on Monday was a porn star
named Holly Sampson, who has starred in films like Lingerie Or Bust and Diary Of
A Horny Housewife. The second was an unnamed cocktail waitress who said she had
a two-year affair with Woods. 
