 Speculation about the
composition of the South African team for the first Test against England ended
Monday when the South African selectors reduced the squad for the match to 12
after being convinced that Jacques Kallis was fit to
play.

 All-rounder Kallis, who bats at No. 4 for South Africa, may not
be able to bowl in the match which begins on Wednesday at Supersport Park in
Pretoria as he is not being fully recovered from a broken rib suffered a couple
of months ago.

 But the Proteas' highest Test run-scorer was
pronounced fit to bat after getting through several practice sessions without
discomfort at a national team camp in Potchefstroom at the weekend. Kallis'
recuperation had included spending time in an oxygen chamber to hasten the
healing process.

 Three players -- batsman Alviro Petersen,
all-rounder Ryan McLaren and left-arm seamer Wayne Parnell -- were on Monday
released to play for their club teams this week. The only reserve player still
with the Proteas is uncapped fast bowler Friedel de Wet. He provides cover for
fast bowler Dale Steyn, who has been hampered by a hamstring strain for a couple
of weeks.

 "Both Jacques Kallis and Dale Steyn should be fit to take
their places," South Africa coach Mickey Arthur said. "Nevertheless we are
keeping Friedel de Wet on standby as a like-for-like replacement for Dale. There
is always the chance with bowlers that Dale could wake up on the morning of the
match with a recurrence and we don't want to have to scramble around for a
last-minute replacement."

 This week's match will be a special one for
Proteas pace bowler Makhaya Ntini, who will be appearing in his 100th Test. The
one-time tender of cattle from the rural Eastern Cape will be the only the fifth
South Africa player to reach 100 Tests, and the first black South African to
achieve that milestone.

 Ntini has taken 388 Test wickets, and holds a
slew of South African bowling records. One he does not possess is for taking the
most Test wickets. That record belongs to now-retired Shaun Pollock, who claimed
421 wickets in his 108 Tests.

 Ntini detractors say that his Test
career does not have long to run, but should he start well this week after a
nine-month break from Test cricket, he could be retained for South Africa's
tours of India and the West Indies next year, and he would then have a good
chance of improving on Pollock's tally, which is the eighth best in Test
history.

 As it stands, the release of the three squad members means
that the Proteas will rely on a three-pronged pace attack for the first Test, in
the shape of Ntini, Steyn and Morne Morkel. Morkel will be replacing his brother
Albie, who played in South Africa's last Test, an innings victory over Australia
at Newlands in March.

 The Proteas team management is holding out hope
that Kallis will be able to bowl in the Pretoria match too, but that might be
considered risky. The second Test in Durban starts on December 26, and Kallis
should be ready to bowl by then.

 Meanwhile the England management is
still pondering the make-up of their team, although the widely held view is that
it will pick five batsmen, wicketkeeper Matt Prior and five bowlers. The
five-strong bowling unit could contain two all-rounders in Luke Wright and
Stuart Broad, spinner Graeme Swann and two more seamers --probably James
Anderson and Graham Onions.

 Anderson had another good spell of
bowling in a "middle" practice in Pretoria on Monday and seems likely to
play.

 Meanwhile England have called uncapped Kent off-spinner James
Tredwell into their squad as back-up for Graeme Swann for the series. Swann
missed some of the earlier limited overs matches against South Africa with a
side strain. His replacement then was leg-spinner Adil Rashid, who conceded
plenty of runs.

 England coach Andy Flower said on Monday that
Tredwell, who has been part of the England Performance group currently touring
South Africa, was insurance for later in the series should Swann's injury
problems return. Swann bowled well in his side's two warm-up matches in East
London, taking seven wickets for 130 runs in two innings. In the first match his
figures were an impressive 6/55.

 "Graeme's injury is improving and we
expect him to be available for the first Test," Flower confirmed.

 In
terms of a recent Test track record, England has been busier than their
hosts.

 Going back to February, it has played 12 Tests. After losing a
five-match series against the West Indies 1-0 in the Caribbean, it won both
Tests against the same opposition at home, before pulling off its second
successive home Ashes victory, taking the series 2-1 by beating Australia at the
Oval in August.

 As for the Proteas, a year ago they started a
three-match series against Ricky Ponting's Australia which they won 2-1 thanks
in part to the spectacular emergence of batting talent JP Duminy. That was South
Africa's first Test win in Australia, but Ponting's men responded by beating the
Proteas 2-1 in the return series in South Africa, which ended in
March.

 Squads:

 South
Africa:

  Graeme Smith (Capt.), Ashwell Prince, Hashim Amla, Jacques
Kallis, AB de Villiers, JP Duminy, Mark Boucher, Paul Harris, Morne Morkel, Dale
Steyn, Makhaya Ntini, Friedel de
Wet.

 England:

  Andrew Strauss
(Capt.), Alastair Cook, Jonathan Trott, Kevin Pietersen, Paul Collingwood, Ian
Bell, Matt Prior, Luke Wright, Stuart Broad, Graeme Swann, James Anderson,
Graham Onions, Ryan Sidebottom, James Tredwell.
