 The hunt for Tiger Woods is
on, or at least the first photographs of the golf superstar since his late-night
car crash and damaging news of his marital problems.

 The winner of 14
majors has virtually disappeared since driving his SUV into a tree during a
bizarre accident outside his Orlando-area home last month. His wife, Elin
Nordegren, has also laid low, though photos of her surfaced this week, her hand
showing no sign of a wedding ring.

 Except for a few posts on his Web
site, where Woods apologized for "transgressions" and said he was taking an
indefinite leave from golf, the world's best player has gone underground. And
that, of course, has driven up the market value for his
photographs.

 "He's on top of the list," said famed paparazzo Ron
Galella, who once had his jaw broken by Marlon Brando and is the subject of a
documentary by Oscar-winning director Leon Gast that will premiere at the 2010
Sundance Film Festival.

 "The only bigger one would be Brad Pitt with
Jennifer Aniston, his former wife, if they ever got together," Galella said.
"Tiger is hot now."

 The word paparazzi comes from a character in the
film "La Dolce Vita," although they often make life anything but sweet for
athletes and celebrities.

 Some of them go to lawbreaking lengths to
get the exclusive shot, scaling walls, hanging out of trees, and even chartering
helicopters if it means getting a picture of something within a gated community
-- one such as Isleworth, where Woods and his family have their
home.

 The value of the photographs depends on several factors, said
Frank Griffin of the Bauer-Griffin Agency, including things like quality and
setting. If the picture were of Woods crying or contrite, it would be more
valuable than one of him smiling.

 Timing is also an issue, because
many tabloids and celebrity magazines have maxed out their budgets for the year.
A photograph that surfaces in a few weeks might generate more
money.

 The most expensive celebrity shots, according to a ranking by
Forbes, were for the twins born to Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt. The photos
brought in about $14 million, although the couple allowed the photographer
access in exchange for a donation to charity.

 "Today my guys in
Orlando get (Tiger) in the backyard, his head down, I would say $10,000 apiece,"
said Francois Navarre, who runs the X-17 photo agency. "Worldwide, I would
probably make about $100,000. Now, if we get him with his wife, you can double
that or more."

 A picture of Elin without a ring like the ones
circulating on the Web might only fetch $20,000, according to people familiar
with the industry, while current pictures of Tiger and Elin together could
demand six figures. A photograph that shows Tiger with one of his alleged
mistresses has the potential to bring hundreds of thousands.

 "It
would have to be some clever marketing, and it would have to be worldwide," said
Griffin, whose firm is considered one of the more established in the business.
"A picture of Tiger Woods with a tooth missing being chased by 12 blonde females
wielding golf clubs, name your price.

 "Tiger Woods is a sad story,"
Griffin added. "It makes people unhappy to see that. The purpose of tabloid
journalism has always been to cheer people."

 That doesn't mean there
isn't plenty of interest driving the Tiger Woods drama.

 Yahoo Inc.
chief executive Carol Bartz told financial analysts last week that the story was
"better than Michael Jackson dying" for helping the company sell advertising.
"It's kind of hard to put up an ad next to a funeral," she
said.

 Yahoo reported that searches for Woods' name were up more than
3,900 percent over the last 30 days, and Google Inc. said it also has seen a
significant spike. Time Inc. said traffic to its Golf.com Web site has increased
600 percent since news of Woods' car accident broke.

 "It's the
biggest story of the year, even bigger than Michael Jackson and Rihanna -- those
are the three biggest dramas," Navarre said. "Tiger Woods is twice bigger, and
it's going on and on. Usually we have a peak and it goes down, but right now
it's like a plateau."
