 Juventus and Bayern Munich are
both coming off good results but something will have to give on Tuesday when
only one of the famous European clubs can qualify for the Champions League last
16.

 Juve need a point while Bayern require a victory in Turin to join
Group A winners Bordeaux in the knockout stages.

 Failure to win will
pile the pressure back on Bayern coach Louis van Gaal, whose team had a rocky
start to the season before enjoying a three-match winning streak, including
their 1-0 win over Maccabi Haifa in their last Champions League
game.

 Club bosses have dubbed the last group match a "final" and the
Bundesliga side should be boosted by the return to fitness of Dutch midfielder
Arjen Robben.

 With the absence of playmaker Franck Ribery, who may
not play again before the mid-season break, Robben will add much needed pace and
control in midfield.

 "I am fit again and ready for Tuesday," Robben
told reporters. "It is an important match and I would like to play from the
start. I do not know how long I can play. Maybe 60-70 minutes but possibly also
90 minutes."

 Van Gaal is also set to stick with the striking
partnership of Croat Ivica Olic and Mario Gomez, who has scored in Bayern's last
three league matches after a stint on the
bench.

 SHAKY
FORM

 Twice European champions Juve had lost two in a row,
including a 2-0 defeat at Bordeaux, before Saturday's rousing 2-1 home victory
over Serie A leaders Inter Milan.

 Claudio Marchisio netted a superb
winner and his return after knee surgery offers Ciro Ferrara's side balance on
the left following Pavel Nedved's retirement in May.

 The Juve
treatment room, so often full in the last two years, has started to clear with
forwards Alessandro Del Piero and David Trezeguet now fully fit for
Tuesday.

 Rookie coach Ferrara's problem remains the shaky form of
close season signings Felipe Melo and Diego, with the latter Brazilian well
known to Bayern after his time at Werder Bremen.

 The axe is unlikely
to fall on playmaker Diego just yet, even given the one-off nature of Tuesday's
match, with midfielder Mauro Camoranesi possibly missing out
again.

 "Tuesday is a match of extraordinary importance and Juve have
shown we are ready for big games," Ferrara
said.

 Teams
(likely):

 Juventus:

 
1-Gianluigi Buffon; 2-Martin Caceres, 5-Fabio Cannavaro, 3-Giorgio Chiellini,
6-Fabio Grosso; 4-Felipe Melo, 22-Mohamed Sissoko, 8-Claudio Marchisio;
28-Diego; 10-Alessandro Del Piero,
11-Amauri

 Bayern Munich:

 
22-Hans-Joerg Butt; 28-Holger Badstuber, 5-Daniel van Buyten, 6-Martin
Demichelis, 21-Philipp Lahm; 31-Bastian Schweinsteiger, 17-Mark van Bommel,
23-Danijel Pranjic, 10-Arjen Robben; 11-Ivica Olic, 33-Mario Gomez


 Referee:

  Massimo Busacca
(Switzerland)
