 Ballon D'Or winner Lionel
Messi scored a brace as Barcelona won 3-1 at Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday to
restore their five-point advantage over Real Madrid at the summit.


 Four days after collecting the award for European Player of the Year
Messi turned on the style scoring a brilliant opener and then heading a crucial
80th minute goal after Depor had equalised. 

 It took Messi's goals
tally to nine alongside Zlatan Ibrahimovic who scored Barca's third goal in the
closing stages. 

 "It was a really important win," said Messi. "We
have won all three matches this week but there are plenty of games still to go
and it is difficult to retain this title." 

 It was Barca's first win
at the Riazor Stadium since 2005 and the champions now lead Real, 4-2 winners
over Almeria, by five points having played one game more. 

 It was the
third league win inside a week for Barca but there is no respite as they travel
to Dinamo Kiev on Wednesday with the holders needing a point to reach the
knockout stage of the Champions League. 

 Cristiano Ronaldo was the
hero and villain for Real Madrid playing a pivotal role in their 4-2 comeback
win over Almeria at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday, only to be sent off late
on for violent conduct. 

 "I am human and make mistakes too," said
Ronaldo. "It was an instinctive reaction and I have apologised to my
team-mates." 

 After starting the previous two games on the
substitutes' bench due to a slight knock Ibrahimovic returning to the Barcelona
starting line-up while Sergi Busquets returned from his suspension.


 Ibrahimovic attempted an ambitious overhead kick on 23 minutes
before the ball ran through to Thierry Henry who missed a great chance at the
back post. 

 It was left to Messi to show them how to do it with the
Argentine collecting a Dani Alves pass before turning neatly and hammering a
left-footed shot into the corner. 

 However, Depor equalised against
the run of play with Busquets failing to clear a long ball and Adrian
anticipated well to head past Victor Valdes on 38 minutes. 

 Barca
coach Pep Guardiola threw on the tricky Pedro in an attempt to change things and
his cross set up Messi for his second headed goal ten minutes from time.


 Ibrahimovic scored for the third successive game to cap a
hard-earned but vital victory. 

 Real bounced back from their
Barcelona setback with a 4-2 win over Almeria but it was far from easy as Real
came from 2-1 down to maintain their perfect home record. 

 Ronaldo
was the heart of everything, winning a dubious 82nd minute penalty, which he
subsequently missed, before substitute Karim Benzema rammed in the rebound.


 Almeria were furious about the penalty, awarded automatically by the
referee despite goalkeeper Diego Alves appearing to get a hand on the ball to
push it away from Ronaldo. 

 "It wasn't a penalty and it had a major
impact on the scoreline," bemoaned Almeria coach Hugo Sanchez.


 Former Manchester United man Ronaldo then scored his sixth goal of
the season two minutes later to make it 4-2, after Gonzalo Higuain had
equalised, before pressing the self-destruct button four minutes later by
collecting a second yellow card for kicking Juanma Ortiz. 

 Sergio
Ramos headed his first goal of the season to give Real a first half lead but
Fernando Soriano and Kalu Uche scored twice in six minutes to give the hosts a
fright before they mounted their late comeback. 

 Earlier Sevilla
dropped two vital points in a 1-1 draw at home against 10-man Valladolid and
they trail Barcelona by nine points. 

 Sevilla host Rangers in the
Champions League on Wednesday looking to secure top spot in their group, having
already qualified for the knockout stage. 

 Real are also in Champions
League action and need a point at Marseille on Wednesday to qualify for the last
16.
