
 NAPIER (New Zealand): Skipper Daniel
Vettori and his deputy Brendon McCullum on Saturday rescued New Zealand with a
blazing 176-run partnership on the second day of the third Test against
Pakistan. 

 Scorecard

 McCullum
and Vettori's 100-run partnership took just 119 balls and the partnership ended
a few minutes ago when McCullum was out for 89 off 103 balls caught in the gully
off Umar Gul. 

 Television replays suggested that Gul may have bowled
a no-ball. 

 New Zealand finished the day on 346 for six, a lead of
123 over Pakistan, with Vettori batting a magnificent 100 not out - which came
off just 127 balls. 

 The Vettori-McCullm partnership was a far cry
from the New Zealand batting effort in the middle session as Pakistani
leg-spinner Danish Kaneria overcame a minor health scare to give the home side
the wobbles. 

 Kaneria clutched at his chest after completing the
second over after lunch and needed to lie down briefly before recovering to
continue following a medical check-up. 

 However, he ended the session
to tea in good heart, having improving his analysis to four for 55 from 21 overs
as New Zealand were in danger of letting a position of dominance ebb away.


 New Zealand were at 166 for five at tea - trailing by 57 runs on the
first innings - with Vettori 14 not out, and McCullum on 15. 

 Kaneria
bowled unchanged through the middle session, removing key batsman Ross Taylor,
topscorer Tim McIntosh and a struggling Daniel Flynn. 

 Resuming on 48
after lunch, McIntosh completed his second Test half-century from 147 balls with
a rare show of aggression when he unleashed a straight drive to the fence.


 The cautious left-hander, who had scored just 37 runs in the first
two Tests, made the most of his reprieve late Friday on nought when his leg
before wicket dismissal was over-ruled by the umpire decision review system.


 He threatened to add another century to his maiden Test century here
against the West Indies a year ago when Kaneria deceived him on 74.


 Two balls after attempting a sweep against Kaneria, McIntosh
repeated the shot and top edged gently to wicketkeeper Kamran Akmal to end a
187-ball vigil that contained eight boundaries. 

 Taylor was Kaneria's
first victim after lunch for 21 when a trademark slog sweep skied to Mohammad
Yousuf on the move at backward square leg. 

 Flynn had a reprieve
before scoring when he was given out leg before wicket by Rudi Koertzen. He
immediately referred the dismissal to third umpire Simon Taufel, who confirmed
Mohammad Asif's delivery pitched outside leg stump. 

 But there was no
escape for Flynn when Billy Doctrove turned down a caught behind appeal. Kamran
Akmal sought a review immediately and Taufel detected a noise from the pitch
microphone, an outcome that continued the left-hander's poor series.

