 Shaun Murphy made a winning
start to the defence of his United Kingdom Championship title with a 9-5 victory
over Northern Ireland's Gerard Greene on Saturday. 

 The 27-year-old
Englishman beat Hong Kong's Marco Fu 10-9 in a thrilling final last year and now
former world champion Murphy is bidding to become only the third player, after
snooker greats Stephen Hendry and Steve Davis, to successfully defend the
sport's second most important title. 

 Hendry was the last player to
achieve the feat, the Scot taking three straight UK trophies in 1994, 1995 and
1996. 

 Murphy made the only century of his match against Greene in
the fifth frame with a break of 101 and could now face China's Ding Junhui in
the second round. 

 In other matches played to a finish Saturday, Mark
Williams had an easier than expected win over fellow former world champion
Graeme Dott. 

 Williams, UK champion in 1999 and 2002, was 6-2 up in
their best of 19-frame clash at the end of the first session and Dott, feeling
dizzy, decided he was not fit enough to continue. 

 That meant
Williams, UK champion in 1999 and 2002, was automatically awarded a 9-2 victory
and the Welshman's next opponent will be the winner of the match between Fu and
Peter Lines. 

 Dott's fellow Scot Stephen Maguire beat Michael Holt
9-6 and he will face another Englishman in the second round in either Stuart
Bingham, 6-2 ahead, or Joe Perry. 

 Meanwhile an all-English clash saw
Mark King overwhelm Anthony Hamilton 9-2. 

 China's Liang Wenbo was
just three frames away from a second round spot after building up a 6-2 lead
over Wales's Ryan Day. 

 That match will be played to a finish on
Sunday. 

 Australia's Neil Robertson, the reigning Grand Prix
champion, rattled off an early contender for highest break of the tournament
with a contribution of 137, one of two centuries he made against Tom Ford.


 But the Englishman recovered from four frames down to win the last
on Saturday and Melbourne cuemaster Robertson, 27, will now take a 5-3 lead into
Sunday's concluding session. 

 English rivals Jamie Cope and Mark
Selby are locked at 4-4.
