 Lionel Messi scored within
two minutes of coming on as a substitute to help Barcelona complete a 3-1
comeback win over Mexico's Atlante on Wednesday and reach the Club World Cup
final against Estudiantes.

 Forward Guillermo Rojas put the CONCACAF
champions ahead in the fifth minute and midfielder Sergio Busquets equalised
after 35. 

 Ballon d'Or winner Messi came off the bench to wild cheers
from the near-capacity 40,952 crowd at the Zayed Sports City in the 53rd minute
and put the European champions ahead almost immediately. 

 Barcelona
increased their lead when a fine run down the left and into the box by Andres
Iniesta ended with Pedro scoring from close in. 

 Barca meet
Argentina's Estudiantes, the South American champions, in the final on Saturday.


 CONCACAF champions Atlante went ahead after five minutes when their
Argentine keeper Federico Vilar punted a free kick deep into the Barcelona half,
defender Rafael Marquez missed the ball and Rojas darted through, lobbing keeper
Victor Valdes and turning it into the net. 

 Vilar dived to his right
to save a header by Busquets from a corner from the right taken by Xavi in the
seventh minute. 

 The Mexican side could have had a second three
minutes later when right back Navarro sprung the offside trap to run through on
goal, but instead of shooting he elected to pass, failing to find his two team
mates in the middle. 

 Barca Equaliser 

 Busquets equalised
10 minutes before halftime with a low right-footed, first-time shot from the
left after Yaya Toure had flicked on with his head a corner from the right by
Xavi. 

 Messi, having been a doubt for the match with a right ankle
injury, came on for midfielder Toure and within two minutes raced on to a fine
through pass from Zlatan Ibrahimovic to round Vilar and score. 

 Pedro
added the third in the 67th minute when he hit the ball past Vilar after Iniesta
had won the ball on the left and made a jinking run into the box.


 The 22-year-old forward now has a remarkable record of having scored
in all six competitions Barca have taken part in this year. 

 Atlante
striker Rafael Marquez broke away on the right with a good chance to reduce the
deficit but his shot was saved one-handed by the advancing Valdes.


 Substitute Bojan Krkic fluffed an excellent chance right in front of
goal to increase Barca's lead and they could have scored again from several late
moves with Messi causing havoc in the Atlante defence.
