
 Sachin Tendulkar won a great personal
battle against the Australians on Thursday but India still lost the war, going
down by three runs in an epic run-chase. India again lost a match which it had
all but won. It's not the first time either that the Men in Blue have snatched
defeat from the jaws of victory. For a while at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium,
though, it was flashback to the 1990s when India's run-chase would begin and end
with Sachin Tendulkar. In recent times, MS Dhoni has evolved into a clinical
finisher but even he succumbed early on Thursday. 

 Indeed,
increasingly it seems that old virus is plaguing Indian cricket once again: more
than team effort, the team is again banking on individual brilliance. When the
Indians win, they win by a mile. And when it comes to close finishes in
pressure-cooker situations, they are invariably found wanting. 

 A
case in point has been India's two victories in this particular series. A
blazing hundred by Mahendra Singh Dhoni saw India cruising to a 99-run victory
in the second One-dayer at Nagpur. Similarly, in the third One-dayer at New
Delhi, Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh featured in a 148-run stand for the
4th wicket as India won by six wickets chasing a modest 230-run victory
target.

 A champion team knows how to win; rather they win by hook or
crook. And it is here that India are still way behind the Australians. In all
the three matches that witnessed close finishes in the series, India have been
left despairing. In the first One-dayer at Baroda, Harbhajan Singh and Praveen
Kumar revived India and with nine needed off the final over bowled by Peter
Siddle, the hosts should have made it. Not really. Harbhajan Singh got out to
the second ball and the target was beyond Praveen Kumar and Ashish
Nehra.

 At Mohali, India made a fine mess of chasing down a target of
251 losing by 24 runs. At Hyderabad on Thursday, India had another great chance
but they flattered only to deceive. When Tendulkar got out off the first ball of
the 47th over, India needed 19 runs off 17 balls with three wickets. But the
tailenders left commonsense behind in the dressing room and contrived to fall
short by three runs. Ravindra Jadeja might as well have been running around in
the park. Ashish Nehra targeted the only man in the deep during the batting
Powerplay. Praveen Kumar just didn't feel the need to dive full length, which
could have saved him and his team. 

 To be honest, India appears to be
a team in complete disarray against a team which is grappling with injuries but
still functioning like a brilliant One-day outfit. What is equally appalling is
the fact that the Indians are not even doing the basic things right, and here
coach Gary Kirsten has to do some tough talking to his players. 
