 Kumar Sangakkara cracked a
quickfire 37-ball 78 as Sri Lanka took full advantage of a sloppy fielding
display to pile up an imposing total of 215 for five in the first T20
International against India on Wednesday.

 Scorecard

 Sangakkara
looked in very good touch after scoring a fine century for a lost cause in the
second innings of the third and final Test at Mumbai and ensured his team carry
on the momentum after a good start given by veteran Sanath Jayasuriya (26) and
Tilekaratne Dilshan (34) who put on 43 in six overs. 

 Later
Sangakkara found the ideal partner in the big-hitting Chamara Kapugedara (47 in
20 balls) as the fourth wicket duo added 69 runs in 5.3 overs to help Lanka
cross the 200-mark. The visitors set India a tough ask of scoring over 10 runs
an over to win the contest. 

 The Indians paid the price for some
shoddy fielding as they dropped as many as five catches while the ground
fielding also left much to be desired. 

 Lanka were off the block in a
brisk manner, after being put in to bat by the hosts, once Jayasuriya settled
down after playing and missing often earlier. 

 In one over from
Ashish Nehra, the left-handed marauder from Matara, who joined the team at the
conclusion of the three-Test series, slammed the left arm pace bowler for five
fours when Nehra strayed in line.

 Jayasuriya, who initially could not
time his shots and was also dropped by Yuvraj Singh at point off Ishant Sharma
when on 4 in a total of 14 for none in the fourth over, got his first boundary,
a four, in a typical pick-up and loft to the extra cover fence. 

 He
then swung the bowler to the mid wicket region for two fours and then glanced
him for two more fours to help himself to 26 in a team score of 39 for no loss
after five overs. 

 India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni replaced Nehra
with debutant Ashok Dinda after the left arm bowler's three overs had cost 34
runs and the fifty came in 40 balls. 

 The 25-year-old Bengal medium
pacer struck off his second ball in international cricket, when Jayasuriya (26
in 20 balls with five fours) slashed and was caught at deep third man by a
diving Ishant Sharma, who had previously let off Tilekaratne Dilshan off his own
bowling. The batsman was on 13 at his escape. 

 When spin was
introduced at both ends, Lanka skipper Sangakkara carted left arm Pragyan Ojha
for two fours and a straight field six off successive balls in his first over to
take Lanka past 75 by the ninth over. 

 Lanka raced to 89 for one in
ten overs with Sangakkara closing in fast on Dilshan who had a head start.


 The left-handed batsman stepped out and lofted Rohit Sharma, who
replaced Ojha after just one over from the latter, for a straight six to
complete his fifty in only 21 balls with 6 fours and two sixes but saw Dilshan,
who could not time the ball well, and Mahela Jayawardene falling at the other
end in the space of seven balls.
