 This has been a season of
unrelenting surprises in the English Premier League, and nowhere has the shock
therapy been more acutely felt than Arsenal.

 Arsene Wenger's side has
lurched from the sublime to the ridiculous with bewildering frequency this term,
their inconsistency indicative of a division which has shed much of its
reputation for predictability.

 From title race deadbeats two weeks
ago, after a home defeat by Chelsea, they now find themselves grasping eagerly
at a lifeline thrown by their rivals.

 An 11-point deficit has been
slashed to six, courtesy of Chelsea and Manchester United leaking unexpected
points, and Arsenal still have a home game against Bolton in
hand.

 The north Londoners have done their bit too, of course.


 Stoke were brushed aside with relative ease at Emirates stadium
before a more notable statement of intent was made at Anfield on Sunday, when
they came from a goal down to defeat Liverpool, despite missing a clutch of
first team regulars.

 Another victory at Burnley on Wednesday and the
talk of a genuine title challenge would swell from quiet murmurs to an excited
chatter.

 Wenger is already struggling to contain himself.


 "We feel that we have sent out a message to all the people who wrote
us off after we were beaten at home by Chelsea," the Frenchman
said.

 "We have got ourselves back very close to the leaders - just
six points away from Chelsea with a game in hand.

 "We have come back
at them in a very short space of time since they beat us in late November. Even
I did not expect that to happen. We have shown that we have mental strength. For
us, we are back into contention following the other results from Saturday."


 On the face of it, there can be no arguing with that assessment. Yet
the skeptics who confidently discounted Arsenal from the championship race will
not be penning their apology letters just yet.

 For all Arsenal's
upturn in form, the doubts remain: can a defence which has kept just three clean
sheets in its last 15 games really serve as a solid foundation for a title tilt?
Can a team expecting to win the league seriously invest all their faith in a
goalkeeper, Manuel Almunia, whose confidence appears to have imploded?


 And, most pressingly of all, how can Wenger hope to cope without
Robin van Persie?

 The Dutchman is out for the next five months with
ankle ligament damage that required surgery and Arsenal's options in his absence
are thin. Andrey Arshavin has been deployed as a lone central  striker in the
last two Premier League games and, while he has scored in both, it still smacks
of a short-term measure.

 The Russian does not enjoy a role which can
often leave him isolated and pining for possession.

 The imminent
return of Nicklas Bendtner from injury will provide some more beef to a
forward-line overburdened with small, scampering forwards but the Dane, while
much improved since his hapless early days at Arsenal, is simply not in van
Persie's class.

 The trip to Turf Moor will serve as a litmus test of
Wenger's ability to find solutions. The aversion of his team to north-western
outposts such as this is well known but they cannot afford a slip-up against
Owen Coyle's side, who have lost some of their early-season swagger in recent
weeks.

 The Clarets have failed to win any of their last five matches
and, remarkably, were subjected to the odd jeer by disgruntled home fans after
the 1-1 draw with Fulham last weekend.

 That provides proof of how
expectations have sky-rocketed in east Lancashire.

 "We have gathered
18 points, which is probably 18 more than anybody felt we would have because we
were understandably written off at the start of the season," Coyle
said.

 "You get the odd moan from people who don't realise what is
involved. This group of players keep going, they give me everything they have
got and they have quality. I don't get too caught up with what others
say.

 "If people want to continue to write us off then that's up to
them. That's why we love football, everybody has got an opinion."
