 Brazil star Robinho has
told his Manchester City team-mates to aim for the top of the table after their
2-1 win over English Premier League leaders Chelsea last weekend.


 Despite that victory - which ended a run of seven straight league
draws - City are 11 points adrift of Chelsea, albeit they have a game in hand.


 And Robinho, a British record 32.5 million pounds ($52.8 million)
signing, insists the expensively-assembled City side should have ambitions as
big as their price tags. 

 "We were really happy to win on Saturday,"
said Robinho. "But the most important thing now is to win. There are still a lot
of games to go and we want to be top." 

 Robinho has recently returned
from an ankle injury that sidelined him for three months and, despite not being
used to playing at this time of year while with Spanish giants Real Madrid, he
cannot wait for the busy Christmas and New Year fixture schedule. 

 "I am
just happy to be playing," said the 25-year-old. "I feel excellent. I am strong,
physically and mentally, and I want to play in every game. I like to play
football anywhere, at any time." 

 City could have Craig Bellamy back
for Saturday's league match away to Bolton despite both the Wales striker and
Vladimir Weiss missing the Chelsea game to avoid passing on the swine flu virus
to their team-mates. 

 "Players come in every day with sniffles,
coughs and colds and the doctor has to determine whether it is the onset of
something more serious," assistant manager Mark Bowen told the Manchester
Evening News. 

 "It is his decision whether they have to be sent
home." 

 Someone who won't be featuring at the Reebok Stadium this
weekend is England defender Wayne Bridge. 

 The former Chelsea
full-back was carried off on a stretcher last Saturday after a clash with
Juliano Belletti. 

 Scans have since revealed Bridge suffered a knee
injury which could put him out of action for up to six weeks. 

 If
that diagnosis is correct, it would mean Bridge would miss both legs of City's
League Cup semi-final against Manchester United as well as the FA Cup third
round tie with Middlesbrough. 

 But Bowen hopes Bridge will be back
sooner than expected. 

 "It depends on his recovery but Wayne tells us
he is a good healer and he is a good professional, so we are hoping it will be
sooner," he said. 
