 Celtic moved clear at the
top of the Scottish Premier League as Marc-Antoine Fortune's late goal secured a
3-2 win at Motherwell on Saturday. 

 Tony Mowbray's side are five
points ahead of second placed Rangers going into Saturday's later matches
following a dramatic clash at Fir Park. 

 Georgios Samaras gave Celtic
the lead but Lukas Jutkiewicz and Mark Reynolds responded to put Motherwell in
front before half-time. 

 Aiden McGeady equalised for the Glasgow
side, who then saw Barry Robson penalty's saved by John Ruddy.


 Fortune, on as a substitute moments earlier, spared Robson's blushes
as he scored with 11 minutes remaining to give Celtic their fourth successive
victory. 

 With freezing fog turning the match into an endurance test
for players and fans, Celtic threatened for the first time when Samaras found
space inside the Motherwell box but his angled shot struck the legs of Ruddy
before rebounding off the crossbar. 

 Greece striker Samaras did
better in the 14th minute when he took a pass from Landry N'Guemo at the edge of
the box and lashed his shot past Ruddy. 

 Ruddy kept Motherwell in the
match with two fine saves to deny McGeady and those stops inspired his side to
draw level. 

 In the 26th minute, Jutkiewicz met Robert McHugh's cross
with a well-timed flick that caught Celtic goalkeeper Artur Boruc flat-footed.


 Celtic captain Gary Caldwell headed a Robson corner just past the
post moments later. 

 Mowbray's men appealed in vain for a penalty
when Reynolds tripped Samaras and Celtic were rocked again on the stroke of
half-time as Reynolds finished off Tom Hateley's free-kick from close range.


 But Jim Gannon's side could only hold their lead for six minutes of
the second half. 

 Samaras played in McGeady and the Republic of
Ireland midfielder turned back onto his left foot before curling the ball high
past Ruddy. 

 Now Celtic were piling on the pressure and Ruddy had to
make a point-blank save from Scott McDonald before Samaras headed the rebound
over the bar. 

 In the 64th minute Saunders bundled Samaras off the
ball inside the penalty area and referee Charlie Richmond pointed to the spot.


 Robson took the penalty but Ruddy dived at full-stretch to keep it
out. 

 Fortune, who replaced left-back Danny Fox in the 78th minute,
made sure he didn't regret the miss. Seconds after coming on the former Nancy
striker took a McDonald pass on the edge of the area and drilled in his shot
past Ruddy to seal the win.
