
 Khanty
Mansiysk

  (Russia): After accounting for big guns like Vassily Ivanchuk
and Gata Kamksy, Filipino super talent Wesley So found his nemesis in Russian
Vladimir Malakhov, who defeated the teenager in the first set of rapid
tie-breaker to win the match by a 4-1 margin. 

 Italian teenager
Caruana Fabiano of Italy also went down in the rapid games against second seed
Vugar Gashimov. 

 It was an almost identical loss for both Wesley and
Caruana. While Wesley lost the first three of the four tie-break games, Caruana
was out done in two besides the lone draw he could manage against his
Azerbaijani opponent. 

 The other player to emerge victories out of
the rapid tie-breaker was former world champion Ruslan Ponomariov of Ukraine who
got the better of Etienne Bacrot of France in the fourth and final rapid game
after the first three ended in draws. 

 Two out of the five tiebreak
games were pushed to the blitz stage. The deadlock between top seed Boris
Gelfand of Israel and world junior champion Maxime Vachier-Lagrave continued as
they drew all the four rapid games. 

 It was a similar result in the
duel between Russians Alexander Grischuk and Dmitry Jakovenko. 

 Both
these matches will now be held with five minutes to each player with a 3 second
increment after every move is made. There will be five sets of two games each in
case the deadlock continues before a final sudden-death
game.

 Results of pre-quarterfinals
(Overall scores in the end): 

 Peter Svidler (Rus) beat Alexei
Shirov (Esp) 1.5-0.5; 

 Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze) beat Viktor Laznicka
(Cze) 1.5-0.5; 

 Nikita Vituigov (Rus) lost to Sergey Karjakin (Ukr)
0.5-1.5; 

 Vladimir Malakhov (Rus) beat Wesley So (Phi) 1-1, 3-0;


 Caruana Fabiano (Ita) lost to Vugar Gashimov (Aze) 1-1, 2.5-0.5;


 Ruslan Ponomariov (Ukr) beat Etienne Bacrot (Fra) 1-1, 2.5-1.5;


 Dmitry Jakovenko (Rus) drew with Alexander Grischuk (Rus) 1-1, 2-2 in
blitz tie-break. 
