
 Come
Independence Day and we experience the tricolour magic. Be it a small flag
perched atop your car, or a tiny badge with a patriotic message attached to your
shirt – here's saluting the spirit of freedom.

 This
year, we asked celebs to share the significance of this national day in their
lives and also give a message to the young brigade of India...

 Mehar Bhasin,
Model

 Significance

 : To me,
Independence Day signifies absolute freedom. The fact that I am a proud Indian
is a celebration for me and it doesn’t matter whether I am in the country
or aboard, I just love the feeling of being an Indian. 

 Message

 : The youth today is well
aware of their status in the country, about what the government thinks of them
and makes decisions too. Let them enjoy living in a free country.

 Ramneek Pantal,
Emcee

 Significance

 : This
day means a lot to me to show my love for the country, I always put an Indian
flag in my car. Also, this year, it’s my son’s first year in school
and they will have a pre-independence Day celebration, where we as parents will
also take part, so I intend to make the most of
it.

 Message

 : Please just do
not sit back and crib about the way the country functions. Instead get up and
make the first move towards changing it for the better.

 Riddima Kapoor Sahni,
Socialite

 Significance

 : I
celebrate this day in my own little way. Every year I put up a small flag either
in my car or my house. And in turn try to remember at least some of our freedom
fighters who did so much for our country.

 Message

 : Live and let live in
peace.

 Raj Kaushal,
Director

 Significance

 :
Independence Day also happens to be my birthday. Its true significance for me
lies in the fact that it gives me my identity. I am proud to be an Indian. It
reassures me that I belong to an incredible culture and a nation of people who
believe that love, ahimsa and humanity can conquer the world. The best way to
celebrate its true spirit is to, from your heart, respect the tricolor and all
that it stands for and sing the national anthem not from your heart, but your
soul.

 Message

 : If you are
truly proud to be an Indian then it will show. Be a true Indian. Live by
example. Accept this country for all that it is – the good and the bad.
And pledge to make it the best place in the world to live and love in. Jai
hind!

 Gautam Bhimani, cricket
commentator

 Significance

 :
Independence Day is a great time to have a public display of affection for the
nation. However small, a tiny lapel on my shirt is what I like on this day.
It’s a great time to feel good about being an Indian. The anthem of course
give us goose bumps every time we sing it, especially for those of us who do not
get to hear the anthem as sports people or award
winners.

 Message

 : It's very
simple. Every individual needs to only do his or her tiny bit towards the
country's progress. Not everyone needs to be a politician or a CEO. Even keeping
your neighbourhood clean or obeying traffic laws is enough to make India a
better
place.

 monika.rawal@indiatimes.co.in
