 Peaceniks from India and
Pakistan are meeting in Nepal to forestall any moves to sabotage dialogue
between them, said a member of the Pakistan-India People's Forum
(PIPF).

 Diplomats here are questioning the wisdom of organising the
meeting in a third country but a member of the PIPF has defended the move,
saying: "When the levels of mistrust and mischief-making register a morbidly
sharp rise, we have to take measures to forestall the possibilities of sabotage
by using detachment and secretiveness."

 The meeting on June 12 in
Kathmandu will mark the 23rd session of the PIPF that has been an active
proponent of Track-II diplomacy. This is the first time that the forum is
holding a meeting in a third country.

 Former diplomat Niaz A Naik has
finalised arrangements for the meeting. Leading human rights activist Asma
Jehangir, Vice-Chancellor of Karachi University Talat Warasat, and two retired
generals -- Khalid Mahmood Arif and Jehangir Karamat --will assist
Naik.

 The Indian side may include former Foreign Secretary Salman
Haider and Congress party MP Mani Shankar Aiyer. 

 "The session will
help us gain a greater understanding of each other's point of view," former army
chief Jehangir Karamat told IANS. He said that their visit to Nepal and
discussions there had nothing to do with government peace
moves.

 Ishaq Khakwani, leader of the parliamentary delegation that
visited India this month, said goodwill exists at the grassroots level in India
for friendship with Pakistan. Pakistan People's Party leader Shakeela Rasheed
echoed his views.

 "Let us hope that Indian parliamentarians coming
shortly on a visit to Pakistan will go back with similar feelings," Rasheed told
IANS. She said their trip was a great learning experience and "such visits can
remove many misgivings".

 One of the PIPF members said: "Nothing in
our 56-year-old history of independence has been trickier than conferring with
New Delhi on initiating a process of normalisation with visible signs of
maturity and vision.

 "Hardly do the parties gather around the table
when someone from somewhere with calculated mystery and unnerving timing emerges
and torpedoes the whole exercise," he said, adding that this time both sides
needed to be very careful.

 Experts believe that this time around
circumstances are substantially different. "The 9/11 phenomenon and whatever
followed in the name of a war on terrorism appeared to have joined hands in
giving rise to a storm that has blown itself over in the shape of a regime
change in Iraq," said another peace activist.

 "The signals have also
gone down well in New Delhi's South Block and Rawalpindi's General
Headquarters," he said.
