
City police chief A N Roy has revealed that there have been some developments in
the 7/11 case which may help investigators identify those directly responsible
for the blasts on Terror
Tuesday.

 Roy told TOI: "So far,
we have not been able to identify those directly responsible for planting the
bombs on the suburban trains, but there are some good developments. Though I
can’t give any time frame, I am sure we will soon be able to identify
them."

 However, an embattled
Roy declined to elaborate, saying it would not be appropriate to discuss
developments further, since it would have an adverse impact on ongoing
investigations. "Since we are moving in the right direction, we will soon get
results," Roy said.

 Speaking
about those detained by the anti-terrorism squad (ATS), Roy said, after
interrogation, it was confirmed that barring one person, an activist of the
Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), the rest were directly associated
with Lashkar-e-Taiba.

 "There is
absolutely no doubt that they are LeT activists. From official records, it has
been established that they had visited Pakistan and were trained by LeT," Roy
said.

 On the doubts expressed
over the arrests, Roy claimed that each case had been personally seen to by him
and the arrests were made after following due procedure of law. "We have
adequate evidence against each person arrested by the ATS. Though they were not
directly involved, they have played a crucial role in the operation," Roy
said.

 Meanwhile, a senior IPS
official said it appeared that along with the LeT, the Pak-sponsored ISI played
a key role in the serial
blasts.

 "Our information is
that all such operations are directly supervised by ISI. It provides both
financial and logistic support for them. We have already communicated our views
to the Centre on the ISI’s role," the official
said.

 He said though more than
a dozen LeT activists had been arrested, ATS has not been able to obtain
sensitive information from them.


 Along with scientific training
for such operations, LeT activists have been specially trained to deal with
investigators.

 "They are
trained to deal with investigating officers. Despite the fact that we are asking
them a large number of questions in different ways, the outcome is nil," the IPS
official said, adding, the ATS was now planning to adopt a new
strategy—taking the help of psychologists to secure information from those
arrested.

 He did not rule out
the possibility of the main conspirators fleeing the country. "Prime facie, the
whole operation was carried out by outsiders with the support of local
residents. We feel that immediately after the blasts, the outsiders must have
fled the country," he said.
