 Pakistan's Federal
Investigation Agency (FIA) has been granted a 14-day judicial remand of the
alleged mastermind of the Mumbai terror attacks and LeT operations commander
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, TV reports say. (

 Watch

 )

 According to Times Now,
besides Lakhvi, FIA has also been granted the custody of five other accused
including Lashkar-e-Taiba communications expert Zarar Shah, a day after an FIR
was lodged against them. 

 Pakistan's Geo TV quoted Foreign Office
sources as saying that Rawalpindi's anti-terrorism court had granted the custody
to the FIA - paving the way for Lakhvi's detailed interrogation.

 The
judge issued the order after reviewing evidence produced by investigative agency
against them, the sources were quoted as saying, PTI reported. 

 The
judge recorded the suspects' statements before sending them to physical remand,
the report said. 

 Meanwhile, 'Dawn' on Sunday reported, quoting an
unnamed security official, that the suspects, including Lakhvi, were produced
before judge Sakhi Mohammed Kahut of the anti-terrorism court at an undisclosed
location. 

 The FIA is expected to submit a chargesheet against the
suspects at the end of the remand, it said. The agency has already conducted
preliminary investigations into the case. 

 Lakhvi, the alleged
mastermind of the Mumbai attacks, was arrested in December near Muzaffarabad,
the capital of Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.

 Both Lakhvi and Shah,
another accused named in the FIR is Hamad Ameen Sadiq, a key militant linked to
the Lashkar-e-Taiba, western diplomatic sources told news agencies.


 Pakistan on Saturday briefed foreign envoys on the steps taken by it
to cooperate with India in bringing the perpetrators of the Mumbai attacks to
justice and to eliminate terrorism and militancy. 

 The heads of
diplomatic missions in Islamabad were also briefed by foreign secretary Salman
Bashir on Pakistan's perspective on "peace, security and stability, with
particular emphasis on the situation in South Asia". 

 Meanwhile,
Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik on Saturday said that his country may
demand from India the custody of Ajmal Kasab, the lone survivor among the
accused of the Mumbai terror attacks.

 "So far, we have not asked
India for the custody of Kasab. But we may seek it if the investigation
demands," Rehman Malik said in the southern port city of Karachi, adding that at
the moment, it would be premature to say anything else in the matter.


 India was quick to react, saying there was no way this could happen.


 "The crime was committed in India. There is no question of handing
Kasab to them. In fact, Pakistan should hand over to India the other suspects
they've arrested because they were responsible for this terror attack. It can't
be the other way around," sources in the Indian external affairs ministry said
in New Delhi. 

 "On what basis do we send Kasab out there? The crime
was committed out here (in Mumbai), therefore logic and reasoning demands that
the suspects who they've rounded up be sent here (to India)," the sources told
IANS.

 Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said the state had
gathered enough evidence to show that Kasab, the only surviving November 26
Mumbai terror suspect, had been a part of the criminal conspiracy hatched in
Pakistan to orchestrate the terror strikes at pre-decided sites in Mumbai.


 "We have all the evidence required. The chargesheet will be filed
within a couple of days," Nikam said. 

 "He is not educated and (is)
poor and the concept of religion was wrongly projected to him," he said.


 IANS reported that Nikam said while victims of such systematic
brainwashing by extremist forces needed proper handling, there was a need to
distinguish between a freedom fighter and a terrorist. 
