 Congress president Sonia
Gandhi on Tuesday released the party’s election manifesto here saying
security, respect and prosperity of all citizens will be the party’s
endeavour. (

 Watch

 )

 Congress manifesto: Read full text 

 The party is projecting Manmohan Singh as the next prime minister of
the country saying that there could be many candidates for the post but no one
matched up to him. 

 Sonia ruled out the possibility of her becoming
the party's prime ministerial candidate and said there was no change in her
position taken in 2004 when she refused the top job. 

 "I had made my
position (on the issue of PM's post) very clear in 2004 and there is no change
in that position even now," Gandhi said when asked whether she will consider
herself for prime ministership after the Lok Sabha polls. 

 "There can
be many candidates for the post of prime minister but nobody stands in front of
Manmohan Singh. He has both experience and competence," she added while
releasing the party's manifesto here. 

 She said that the people would
vote for the Congress keeping in mind the achievements of the UPA government in
the last five years. 

 The Congress party said it would introduce
measures to ensure that economic growth is maintained and protect farmers from
the impact of a global slowdown. 

 It would extend interest relief to
farmers and build on the national job guarantee scheme, both seen as potential
vote winners in the general election to be held next month.

 "When I
look at the opportunities, I am convinced that this country can move forward on
a road to faster, more equitable growth," Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said at
the launch of the manifesto. 

 At the release of the party’s
manifesto, the Prime Minister slammed BJP candidate Varun Gandhi for his
communal remarks and said his comments represented the BJP’s mindset. He
said the BJP was responsible for dividing the country on communal
lines.

 Manmohan Singh also accused the Left of being regressive. He
said Left parties and BJP have "negative mindset" which cannot take the nation
forward. 

 NDA and Third Front don't have the capacity to meet the
challenges facing the nation, the PM said.

 Congress president Sonia
Gandhi, however, remained mum on the issue, and refused to comment on the
possibility of a post-poll alliance with the Left. 

 Referring to the
Nov 26 Mumbai attacks, Manmohan Singh said, “I can't say we are fully
satisfied with actions taken by Pakistan in connection with Mumbai attacks but
no purpose will be served by creating war
hysteria.”

 “Pakistan must take next consequential steps
to ensure perpetrators of Mumbai attacks are brought to justice,” he
said.
