
Write your exam as reserved category candidate and move to general merit during
interviews for a good posting: that's the KPSC
style.

 In gross violation of
service rules, the Karnataka Public Service Commission (KPSC) has changed the
caste of several candidates even before the final selection of candidates for
various posts, presumably to accommodate a set of candidates for good
postings.

 Sample this: a
candidate writes the 1998 Gazetted Probationers examination of KPSC under the 3A
category. In 2006,when the KPSC invites him for the personality test, his
reservation category shows general merit (GM)! Similarly, a female candidate who
applied under the 3B category is moved to GM
(F).

 This, when the KPSC
guidelines as well the Karnataka Civil Services Rules clearly state that the
category of a candidate may be changed only after the candidate completes his
prelims, mains and the interview (personality test). The KPSC rules lay down a
certain cut-off for each category once the candidates complete the three
processes to get their
posting.

 Upset over merit being
given a go-by and the blatant change of reservation categories, a set of
candidates used the Right to Information Act and sought the original
applications filed by the candidates before writing the Probationers Examination
and compared with the list put out by the KPSC calling for personality test in
2006.

 According to the
documents available with The Times of India, the category mentioned in the
application form is completely different from the KPSC's list of candidates for
personality interview! The candidates have now approached the Karnataka
Administrative Tribunal (KAT) seeking
justice.

 Shockingly, a 3A
category candidate whose application was rejected for the main examination
because he had not affixed his photograph was selected for the post of assistant
controller (accounts) while a candidate who wrote his prelims in the 3A category
jumped to general merit in the main
examination.

 'No rule
violation': KPSC chairman H N Krishna told TOI: "The category may be changed
only after the personality test, which is the final clearance for induction in
the administrative services. There is no way a 3A category candidate can come
under the general merit at the personality test level. I do not know how this
has happened.We have not violated any
rules."

 But documents prove
otherwise.
