 The quota Bill was tabled
in Parliament, was referred to a Standing Committee and junior doctors and other
students in the Capital called off their street protest. All by Friday
afternoon.

 Student leaders said they had feared an immediate passing
of the Bill in Parliament and claimed that their protests had made the
government put off pushing it immediately. The Bill is now expected to be taken
up in the winter session of Parliament after the Standing Committee has worked
out the finer details of implementation. 

 The Bill provides for 27
per cent reservation for OBCs in Central educational institutions. It is to be
made operational from the academic year 2007 and makes no mention of the creamy
layer. The Bill was cleared by the Union Cabinet this week.

 As the
monsoon session of Parliament came to a close, matters cooled down and a huge
crowd of demonstrators at Jantar Mantar dispersed. The medicos and students said
they were also weighing the option of taking the legal route now to stall the
Centre’s reservation move.

 Earlier, as the Bill was tabled by
HRD minister Arjun Singh in the Lok Sabha, resident doctors from five
prestigious hospitals in the Capital were joined by students from the Indian
Institute of Technology, Delhi, Jawaharlal Nehru University and others at Jantar
Mantar, shouting slogans against the government, in particular, against the
minister. Shouts of 

 Vande Mataram

  rent
the air and the protesters promised a real-life


 Rang de Basanti

 ”. 

 The
air was young, electric, angry. Long stretches from Jantar Mantar were cordoned
off and the place milled with policemen. Water cannons lay in wait, as they had
done on Thursday. So did an ambulance. 

 Late on Thursday night,
junior doctors that had courted arrest, were finally released in the Capital.
Resident doctors in Delhi had threatened a shutdown of medical services if their
compatriots were not released. Earlier in the day, the police had sprayed
protesters outside the Supreme Court with water cannons and shelled them with
tear gas. Several medicos and students had courted arrest. 
