 Kripanand Thakur of
Forbesganj is a very worried man. His mother, 75-year-old Maya Devi, is still
stuck in Pratapganj block of Supaul.

 Although the distance between
Forbesganj and Pratapganj is only 35 km, Kripanand took 24 hours in traversing
Katihar, Khagaria and Saharsa to reach Raghavpur — one station before
Pratapganj. His mother was last spotted on the roof of her house by her
neighbours, who fled the place.

 Similarly, army JCO Nirala Singh,
another resident of Pratapganj, said he had to travel all the way from Jammu to
rescue his family, which is still marooned. Distances have multiplied because
the roads and railway tracks have been devastated by the raging
Kosi.

 Even 18 days after Kosi broke the embankment and changed
course, hundreds of people are still stuck in the floods that has left scores of
villages marooned. Rescue boats have their limitations in reaching all flood-hit
villages and inflated rafts can't travel great distances — that too
against strong currents of Kosi, which is notorious for drowning even
boatmen.

 Older people are reluctant to leave their homes and have
stayed back. So have many others who feared getting drowned in the swollen
waters or being robbed by 'flood bandits'.

 Vasudev Shah of Meerpur
village in Murliganj block of Madhepura recounts the horror story of a boat
sinking. He said when the army boat reached their village they were initially
not sure whether the boatmen were rescuers or bandits. The army men were
insisting that they would take children and women first which was misunderstood
by the villagers who had heard stories of girls being molested by bandits posing
as rescuers. 

 The army men finally got through but not before they
had to deal roughly with a few who were insisting that no one would leave the
village unless menfolk were also allowed on the boat. Finally more than 60
persons got onboard. Unfortunately, the boat capsized and nearly 30 people,
including five from Vasudev's family, drowned. The rest were saved because they
clung on to bamboo clumps.

 Another boat was sent by the army, but
this time round, the villagers stayed put on the rooftops of their houses. The
army personnel had no option but to leave them there. Vasudev was finally
rescued when his son-in-law, who is also in the army, came with an inflated boat
and brought him away.

 There are any number of such stories. Thousands
are still stuck in Gosain Tola, Kishanganj, Rahpur Lakshmania and other villages
of Madhepura. Also, there is no information about a thousand-odd missing people
of Balua Bazaar (Jagannath Mishra's native place), Birpur (the site of the
barrage) and Chatapur areas of Supaul.

 While most of the villages
have been evacuated, with a few still holding out, incidents of theft, robbery
and molestations are often being reported. Police has no records because most of
these areas are inaccessible. There are unconfirmed reports that boatmen of
Khagaria had tied up with local goons of Madhepura and Purnia to locate
vulnerable homes and loot them.
