 As confusion prevailed over
appointment of Pakistan's new High Commissioner to India, Prime Minister Mir
Zafarullah Khan Jamali, who had named career diplomat Riaz Muhammed Khan to the
post, will take a final decision after consulting Foreign Minister Khurshid
Mehmood Kasuri, media reports said Monday.

 "The prime minister will
have a final round of talks with the foreign minister before he decides on a
name," 

 The News

  daily reported quoting
officials in Jamali's office.

 The prime minister's Press Secretary
Rai Riaz, said Jamali would clarify on his reported announcement of Riaz Khan,
currently ambassador to China, as the High Commissioner to
India.

 State-run 

 Pakistan
Television 

 on Saturday said Jamali made the announcement in an interview
to 

 Worldview 

 Programme for


 Doordarshan

 . However, the foreign
office later said no decision has been taken and that the prime minister had
been "wrongly quoted."

 "The status quo remains as was contained in
the press release from the foreign office," the newspaper said, adding that the
list of probables, according to officials, included Asif Ezdi, Pakistan's
ambassador to Germany.

 The newspaper said although Khan's name has
been mentioned by official media, Jamali's office was of the view that it would
not be "politically correct" to remove him from Beijing as he has not completed
his tenure there. 

 "It would not be helpful to send a wrong signal to
one of our closest allies by recalling him from there," it quoted officials as
saying.

 Additional secretary at Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Tariq
Usman Hyder, the acting foreign secretary issued the press release early on
Sunday after contacting Jamali, Kasuri and Foreign Secretary Riaz Kokhar, the
daily said. 

 While Kasuri was in London, Khokar was away in
Geneva.

 However, another daily 

 Dawn


 said a formal announcement about the appointment of Riaz Mohammad Khan as
the new High Commissioner to India would be made after Islamabad received New
Delhi's consent. 

 The government, was awaiting the consent of the
Indian government in this regard, the newspaper quoted sources as saying but was
unable to confirm that Riaz Khan's papers were sent to India for perusal. It
said confirmation of Khan's appointment could only be formalised after receiving
consent from India as was the "normal" diplomatic practice. 
