 CPM on Thursday hit back at
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him why it took him four years of Left
support to allege that they wanted him to behave like a 'bonded
slave’.

 In an editorial in party weekly ''People’s
Democracy’’, Sitaram Yechury wondered what could be the explanation
for PM’s "desperate eagerness" for the Indo-US nuclear deal. "What
explains the desperate eagerness to rush the nuclear deal particularly when it
does not even figure in the CMP? There can be only one explanation. Since he has
chosen to describe himself as a bonded slave, he appears to have chosen his
master well," Yechury said.

 Calling the trust vote a "betrayal vote"
that resulted in a "rigged majority", Yechury said the PM and UPA should have
been a "bonded slave" to the Common Minimum Programme and "not to anybody". He
blamed the PM for showing reluctance in implementing programmes like rural
employment guarantee, forest rights for tribals and right to
information.

 He claimed, "The (trust) vote was taken to endorse the
PM’s betrayal of the assurances given to the Left parties on how the UPA
government will proceed with the nuclear deal." Taking potshots at Singh,
Yechury said this was the first time that a PM seeking the confidence of the Lok
Sabha could not vote on a motion moved by him. He said even if this is dismissed
as a small point, this was the first time that a PM could not reply to the
debate prior to the vote.

 He said the PM has charged the Left parties
with not allowing him to complete all the negotiations on the ground that he
would come back to Parliament before finally operationalising the Indo-US
nuclear deal. 

 "The Left parties could not agree with this proposal
for the obvious reason that once the deal is approved by the US Congress, the
Indian Parliament would find itself in a completely untenable situation to
strike down the deal," Yechury said.

 "Once the safeguards agreement
is approved by the IAEA board of governors, then the deal is on an
'auto-pilot’ course of implementation. Stopping the deal, thus, required
that it be stopped before the completion of the IAEA round," he said, arguing
that the Left has openly argued that the deal was against India’s national
interest.
