 The Oversight Committee,
tasked to prepare a roadmap for implemeting quota for OBCs in elite central
educaional institutions on Wednesday suggested a review of implementation of
reservation policy every five and ten years but skipped a decision on the
controversial issue of "creamy layer".

 It also recommended the
setting up of three new Indian Institutes of Management.

 "We have
left the creamy layer issue to the Government. Though we have said in the
interim report that we will take a view on the issue in the final report, we are
not making any reference," Chairman of the Committee M Veerappa Moily said after
a meeting of the panel.

 The Committee's decision to leave the creamy
layer issue untouched assumes importance in view of divergent views expressed by
political parties. While CPI(M) favoured exclusion of creamy layer in the quota
regime, UPA's southern allies like DMK and PMK strongly advocated its
inclusion.

 The meeting, which lasted for over eight hours, also
completed its final report which would be submitted to Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh. Suggesting a Rs 17,200 crore package to put into operation the
reservation policy, Moily said the 54 per cent seat expansion for implementation
of 27 percent reservation could be achieved by 18 per cent every year in a
three-year span.

 "Implementation will commence in 2007-08 and no
institution will slip out over and above three years," the former Karnataka
Chief Minister said.

 Moily, who had held a series of consultations
last month with academicians in finalising the report, had indicated earlier
that the implementation of the 27 per cent quota was possible only in a
staggered manner.

 The Committee also suggested setting up of IIT-type
institutions in the country to meet the demand in higher education, citing the
success of Indian Institutes of Information Technology (IIITs).

 While
some institutions like IIM Ahmedabad and IIM Indore felt that quota
implementation would be possible over a period of four years, Moily said, "We
have taken a decision they will have to confine to three years."

 "The
Committee also suggested empowering students through scholarship, research and
other forms of remedial action in the process of implementation of reservation,"
he said. 
