 Clearing all confusion,
National Conference patron Farooq Abdullah on Monday said that he would
recommend to his party that his son Omar Abdullah should be the new chief
minister of Jammu and Kashmir, PTI reported. (

 Watch

 )

 "The
time has now come. I will recommend to the party that it should consider Omar
Abdullah for the chief minister's post. I thought over the issue during the
night," he said with Omar by his side.

 Now the state should have a
younger chief minister because there are a lot of things to do, the 72-year-old
leader said.

 His remarks assume significance in the wake of his
statement last night that he would like to be the chief minister which created
confusion.

 38-year-old Omar, on his part, said he will be guided by
his father.

 Omar further said informal contacts have been established
with the Congress and that he would now go to Delhi and talk to Congress leaders
in seeking their help to form a government.

 Congress is meeting today
to decide whether it will support the NC. Sources say the Congress, which was in
coalition with PDP before separating on a bitter note, does appear inclined to
support NC. 

 However, it may be required to handle those in the state
unit who would like to see whether the Abdullahs could be pushed to support a
Congressman as chief minister as the price for keeping their chief rival, the
PDP, at bay. 

 Failing that, the state unit may ask the central
leadership to insist on the post of the deputy chief minister. The terms of
trade, however, are yet to be finalised. 

 NC emerged as the single
largest party in the J&K polls overtaking the separatist-backed PDP in an
election that saw a strong turnout of 60.5% in the face of a Pakistan-sponsored
call for boycott, strengthening the credibility of India's democratic process.


 NC, with 28, and Congress with 17 will have the majority in the
87-strong House. 

 NC survived a huge drop in vote share in both
Valley and Jammu to finish ahead of PDP which - backed by proxy support from the
separatists and the loyalty of its strongholds in southern part of the Valley -
won 21 seats. 

 Just like its prospective partner, Congress saw a
major erosion in its vote share. 

 The BJP, in contrast, pulled off a
vastly improved performance, taking its tally from one to 11 -- its best-ever
show. The party vote share recorded a jump of over 10%, thanks to the
polarisation in the Jammu region over the Amarnath land controversy.


 But while the BJP will remain consigned to the sidelines, Congress,
the main victim of the saffron surge in Jammu, has emerged as kingmaker.
