 Torrential rain across Uttar
Pradesh led to the swelling of several rivers, inundating fresh areas and
affecting over 200,000 people, officials said on Monday. Mathura, Agra and other
cities along the Yamuna geared up to face floods as the water level in the river
crossed the danger mark in New Delhi upstream. 

 In the eastern part
of the state, Saryu and Ghagra rivers are in spate and have inundated several
villages in Faizabad, Bahraich and Barabanki districts, officials said.


 "In Bahraich, over 30 villages with a total population of over
200,000 have been affected by the Ghagra river, which is flowing above the
danger mark," Additional District Magistrate R. Prasad said.


 "According to the latest record, Ghagra was flowing 486 mm above the
danger mark. We have already started evacuation in the worst affected villages,
including Ghauri, Jalimnagar and Manjhara," he said. 

 The Saryu River
was flowing 23 cm above the danger mark in Faizabad. 

 "With Saryu
flowing above the danger mark, flood threat looms large over half-a-dozen
villages with a total population of 3,000," Faizabad additional district
magistrate Vijay Bahadur said. 

 According to officials, Ghagra in
Barabanki was rising at a rate of 8 cm an hour, officials said. 

 The
rising water level has affected over 5,000 villagers in the district, officials
added. 

 In Lakhimpur district, the rise in the Ghagra has heightened
the worries of the authorities. 

 Meanwhile, expecting the Yamuna to
breach the danger mark at Agra on Tuesday night, district authorities on Monday
sounded a flood alert and began moving people from low-lying areas to safer
places. 

 In Mathura, the water level has already started rising and
is expected to peak Tuesday. The Gokul Barrage gates are being opened to release
pressure. 

 Divisional Ccommissioner Avinash Kumar Srivastav told
mediapersons that both Agra and Mathura district administrations were prepared
to meet any eventuality. 

 District authorities have held several
rounds of meetings with field staff and alerted them about the impending flood
situation which could create problems in many villages along the river bank.


 Subhash Jha, a village functionary of Barauli Aheer block said
villagers were being asked to move to higher areas. 

 District
magistrate Anil Kumar has asked village level workers to stock food grains and
essential supplies. The health department has been alerted. 

 The last
flood Agra faced was way back in 1978. 

 The Yamuna in Agra has been
heavily encroached upon and there is no flood plain management. 

 "The
river bed has risen two to three metres in the past 25 years because of heavy
siltation. This could create a problem as the flood waters could breach the
embankments in the city," said Ravi Singh, an environmentalist in Agra. 
