 National Security Advisor M
K Narayanan has said that he lives in "daily dread" of a repeat of the Nov 26
Mumbai terror attacks, though he added that now India is better prepared.


 In an interview to Karan Thapar on the news channel, he also
questioned the credibility of the police first information reports (FIRs)
Pakistan has filed against Jamaat-ud-Daawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed, the alleged
mastermind of Mumbai terror attacks. 

 Asked how seriously scared was
he that there could be a second major 'Mumbai-like' strike on India, Narayanan
said: "Here you are asking me a question that I live in almost daily dread that
something that I am looking at or home minister P. Chidambaram." 

 "The home
minister takes a daily meeting at which I am also present and when he is not
there I take that meeting. We get so many pieces of intelligence which pass
across our table, many you can sort of weed out but as I said there are quite a
few which if they are not able to nip in bud can turn dangerous."


 "However, it is difficult to say whether we will have another Mumbai
because I think we are better prepared perhaps for that kind of situation, but
it could be quite serious," Narayanan said. 

 Asked whether Pakistan
scares him, Narayanan said: "Pakistan may not scare me, but some of Pakistan's
actions scare us, because I don't think this really adds to anything except
creating problems for us." 

 In an apparent contradiction to the stand
taken by Chidambaram who said that the FIRs against Saeed was Pakistan's first
positive step in booking the perpetrators of the Mumbai mayhem, Narayanan said
it does not add any credibility to Pakistan's commitment to act. 

 "If
you take the Saeed dossier that has been provided to Pakistan, I think we have
marshalled what I would call Grade 1 evidence. You have the evidence from three
people, three human beings, three admittedly terrorists - Kasab, Fahim Ansari,
Soharabuddin - who talked of what Saeed had come talked to them, what he had
said etc." 

 "This is apart from other connecting evidence. I agree
one can never be as sure what a court would (do) with that kind of evidence but
if you are not even willing to test that, it certainly leaves in our mind a big
question mark about where Pakistan stands on terrorism," he said. 

 "I
think the latest one doesn't really add to any credibility in my opinion."

