 Maharashtra Revenue
Minister and former chief minister Narayan Rane says that while he favours
preferential treatment for Maharashtrians in the state, he does not support
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray's
"methods".

 "Just because I support the 'Marathi manoos', doesn't mean
I support Raj Thackeray and his methods (of targetting north Indians in
Maharashtra)," said Rane in an interview to the IBN 7 channel.

 Rane,
who left the Shiv Sena in 2005 and joined the Congress, said: "This is an issue
that concerns all Maharashtrians, naturally we would like locals to get
preference in employment. If north Indian leaders can come together to defend
their community, what is wrong if Maharashtra's leaders come together to fight
for our own community?"

 Asked whether his support of the Marathi
cause was not due to his apparent discontent with the Congress party, he said:
"I am raising certain issues within the Congress, why should that be seen as a
rebellion?"

 He also rejected reports that he was planning to join
hands with Raj Thackeray. "Where is the question of any alliance with Raj
Thackeray?"

 Rane recently kicked off a fresh controversy by claiming
that he was betrayed by the Congress leadership after being promised chief
ministership of the state.

 "I am hurt and angry because I was
promised the chief ministership when I joined the Congress three years ago. I
kept my side of the bargain by strengthening the Congress. However, the party
did not keep its side of the promise and assurances that were made to me.
Naturally, I will feel hurt and angry," said Rane.

 Rane left the Shiv
Sena in 2005 after apparently being sidelined by Shiv Sena chief Balasaheb
Thackeray to make way for his son Uddhav Thackeray.

 Rane refused to
say who had promised him the chief minister's post and who had betrayed
him.

 "I will not reveal who promised it, but the people who did (it)
know what is the truth. It is obvious that there are people in the Congress who
don't like my face," said Rane.

 While denying any plans to leave the
Congress, Rane questioned the leadership of Chief Minister Vilasrao
Deshmukh.

 "Maharashtra cannot progress without a new leadership; we
need a new leadership to take the state forward. Farmer suicides, power crisis,
we need a strong leadership to address the many issues facing Maharashtra,"
commented rane.

 Rane shared during the interview that he has spoken
to Congress president Sonia Gandhi seeking a leadership change. He said, "Mrs
Gandhi is my leader, I share everything with her. She knows what is happening in
the state."

 Once close to Congress general secretary Margaret Alva,
he refused to believe that Alva's removal should have any bearing on his chances
as a chief minister.

 "This is not about any individual. I was given
some assurances, which have not been kept. I don't think my future should be
linked to others," Rane concluded.

 Alva was relieved of her party
posts after she alleged bungling in the ticket distribution for the Karnataka
assembly elections in May 2008 had that some party leaders had taken money to
select candidates. 
